while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
great food but the service was dreadful!
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
tiny restaurant with very fast service.
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
cool atmosphere but such a let down.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.