baluchi s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices	Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
our waiter was fine the place looks nice in that nottryingtoohard way but at those prices a little more should be expected of your food	Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
nice find	Nice find.
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
service was devine oysters where a sensual as they come and the price ca nt be beat	Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
also top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu	Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
but hey there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria	But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.
being from the south there are nt any good delis in my area and while watching foods across america on pbs i found out about katz s deli	Being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz's Deli.
the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting the additional menu items are only written in chinese	The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
this is a great place to take outoftowners and perfect for watching the sunset	This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
the pizza and wine were excellentthe service too but what really made this place was the backyard dining area	THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
so so so so so good	SO SO SO SO SO good!
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs	and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
this was my frist time at cafe st bart s and i must say how delicous the food and the service was	This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
while the 20 entree range is not overly expensive in new york city there is definitely better food in that range and so sapphire despite it s lovely atmosphere will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return	While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
if we were to move from the upper east side we would genuinely miss this restaurant	If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i d go out in manhattan	If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
we will come back	We will come back!!!
overall a disappointing experience for that price category	Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
the food is usually good but it certainly is nt a relaxing place to go	The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays	Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!
average to good thai food but terrible delivery	Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
always great service	Always great service!
we had a good time	We had a good time.
the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes however be warned that the peter s favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top like a salad	- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
it is not consistent	it is not consistent.
great people watching as others do the same to you	Great people watching as others do the same to you.
everything is delicious though my gf and i come here once a week sometimes you will get addicted	Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
ciao bella	Ciao Bella
when my husband and go there we spend 6000 have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more i ca nt say any more it a place you ll never forget if you never go you ll miss a meal of your life time	When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
delicate spices onions eggs and a kickass roti	Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
unique apppetizers	Unique apppetizers.
two words free wine	Two words: Free wine.
there are much better places in ny with better prices	There are much better places in NY with better prices.
we were then shooed inside	We were then shooed inside.
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired but the food is very good	The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
they even scoop it out nice for those on a diet not too much not to little	They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
immediately after we paid the waiter took the money and said okay you guys are outta here	Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
i have eaten a lot of pizza here	I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall it s a bit intimidating at first but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you do nt hesitate to ask for help with what to get	Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
consequently their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they didnt feel like finishing them	Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad	The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad.
just ignore the trendy wannabes	Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
all of my coworkers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had nt heard about this place	All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
i ve been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city	I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience but for superb food at reasonable prices la villa ca nt be beat	You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
everything i had was good and i m a eater	Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
filled with suits though so you never really feel terribly comfortable	Filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.
the signs the specials menus food and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese	The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
more important the sushi rivals the best in tokyo	More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way	One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
it s better than being on the roof of sutton place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night	It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.
they do nt concern much of customer s health just want to make money	They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly she knows what my regular is and that s the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd	The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
if you re craving for haru s great food especially the house roll but ca nt stand the wait building outisde head across the street to their sake bar	If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
you will pay a lot for the decore but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny	You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
fabulous service fantastic food and a chilled out atmosphere and environment	Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable makes students go back to suan again and again	Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who did nt seem to know what a customer is on a realtively nonbusy night for the coat check girls	The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
so garantuan that you ca nt fit them in a toaster	so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
i also ordered the change mojito which was out of this world	I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style	The establishment scores big points in presentation and style.
service was very good and warm	Service was very good and warm.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices	this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
so the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious	So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
the soup is pretty good too	The soup is pretty good too.
do nt go there	Don't go there!
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table	Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
amma is nothing special	Amma is nothing special.
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria but facing away from the bar when we turned back around the 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it	We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
they charge 600 for rice	They charge $6.00 for rice.
the waitresses are nice also you can just get counter service sit	The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
save your money and do nt waste your calories go to margharita s on washington street instead they have amazing food and the best service	Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
i was very disappointed with this restaurant	I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
this is my favorite italian restaurant in all of new york city	This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.
perhaps it was an off night but it was suprisingly average for a 93 rating	Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.
i highly recommend it	I highly recommend it.
overall a solid restaurant and at less than 40pp including wine a solid deal as well	overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
got club soda filled with ice no lime	Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura	The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
however it s not worth a special trip	However, it's not worth a special trip.
so much more than the usual bar food go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their handcrafted beers	So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
the waiters are sweet the food is tasty and the bill is never too large	The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
they never came back to refill our glasses again	They never came back to refill our glasses again.
it may be a bit packed on weekends but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area	It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
the food is great	The food is great.
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food better then places like balthazar etc	The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit	Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer	I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
odd for ave b not just odd the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least	Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent	My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
great selection of wine and seafood	Great selection of wine, and seafood.
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious	The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
everything is always cooked to perfection the service is excellent the decor cool and understated	Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area	Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous	Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
the food is mostly made from scratch fresh and well prepared	The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
we were seated and ignored by waitstaff	We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
this is where the aforementioned line was	This is where the aforementioned line was.
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though	Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy service was great and the food was excellent	The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
the food was delicious i had a halibut special my husband had steak and the service was topnotch	The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy	I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town	However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
get the soup and a nosh pastrami sandwich for 8 and you re golden	Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
the wait staff is friendly and the food has gotten better and better	The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
beautiful experience	Beautiful experience.
we were fans of the halfprice saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit	We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place the first being joya	Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me	yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel	Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
they did nt give us the dinner special until we asked for it	They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll	Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis	There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis.
pizza is terrific as is homemade pasta	Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order	We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
i was nt thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes but i guess that s the price you pay for a popular place	I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
super friendly and knowledgable staff fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz the chilaquiles were awesome	Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
i felt as though i were eating in paris	I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered but some other items that were not ordered	My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great	They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant where you can see their personal herb garden	THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
great bagels spreads and a good place to hang out in	Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for 8	There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
my goodness everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing	My goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.
great wine great food	Great wine, great food.
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited	As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
when i called this morning i did nt think i would be able to get in at 12 but i was able to get in along with four other guests	When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
over price and small portions	Over price, and small portions .
we ate outside at haru s sake bar because haru s restaurant next door was overflowing	We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night	We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
it s to die for	It's to die for!
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good	Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently	I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.
please save yourself the frustration	Please save yourself the frustration.
i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one	I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.
even with john s and joe s around the corner this place will make a name for itself	Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called cold and soggy	The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
we will return many times for this oasis in midtown	We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
horrible food and horrible service	Horrible food and Horrible service.
really depends on your luck	really depends on your luck!
and kruno the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across	And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
all i can say is 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you ll find in the city though the quality is some of the best	All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time	Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic	The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
i in all reality felt as if i had just gotten off air france and was in the 8th district in paris	I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris.
their coffee is quite good too	Their coffee is quite good too!
the food was amazing and the service was prompt and helpful but not overbearing or rushed	The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal	The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
all of it was simply amazing unique and tasty and best of all it did nt break the bank	All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
always a nice crowd but never loud	Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
authentic food and they have real service not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door	Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
i live on the street this place is on	I live on the street this place is on.
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter	We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
the most fun restaurant i have ever been too	THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!
staffs are not that friendly but the taste covers all	Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
the food is consistently wonderful i ve been coming here for years and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly	The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
with the great variety on the menu i eat here often and never get bored	With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves	We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
overall the best bagel in town	Overall, the best bagel in town.
i was backtoback with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again	I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years emilio the godfather has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices	I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
the wine list is also really nice	The wine list is also really nice.
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive the menu has been overhauled	While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real domincan exprience	I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
but on a lazy saturday night we ended up going	But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.
by the time we were done it was past 100am	By the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.
nothing better than buying a snapple for 325 too	Nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.
not sure where the previous reviewer lonk dined but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food	Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
tasty but expensive	Tasty but expensive.
i always get the shabushabu dinner and the beef is always fresh	I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
a little crowded but they move that line really fast	A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
jimmy is dominican	Jimmy is Dominican!
maybe tomorrow	Maybe tomorrow ;-)
i did nt complain i liked the atmosphere so much	I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner	This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
good luck getting a table	Good luck getting a table.
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out	The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
get over it	get over it!
the real kicker of the menu however is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass	the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal	Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
all the food was excellent considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it	all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
we were a group of 8 and well seved	We were a group of 8 and well seved.
the decor is dark cool and soothing while the food s presentation is spectacular considering the low prices	The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown	It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
also the sandwiches nearing 7 did nt come with anything like chips or a side	Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food	It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
reasonable prices	Reasonable prices.
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples	This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
good music great food speedy service affordable prices	good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
had 1 appetizer 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was 5500 not including tip	Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
the lamb meat was undercooked and extrmely chewy	The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
and cheap	And cheap!
i really recommend the very simple unda egg rolls	I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience though to both alisters and people walking in off the street	This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.
i m no food critic but i d like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years	I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling	As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
the entire dining experience was wonderful	The entire dining experience was wonderful!
this place is cool enough to be in the east village but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris	This place is cool enough to be in the East Village, but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris.
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic	Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
apparently the good cook works then	Apparently, the good cook works then.
it is loud hot and dark	It is LOUD, HOT and DARK.
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices	I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
this place however has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still aboveaverage	This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
i do nt get it what s so special about prune	I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?
we love th pink pony	we love th pink pony.
because we did nt have a reservation we could only sit in the back garden but it was great secluded and perfect in nice weather	Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke	I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.
prices are very good	Prices are very good.
go to any corned indian restaurant and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme	go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!
oh do nt even let me start with how expensive the bills were	Oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!
so i ve never actually been to m proper but i ve had it delivered a few times	So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
the staff is also attentive and friendly	The staff is also attentive and friendly.
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end not one person takes responsibility for anything	Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic	The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
first of all this place is not romantic as claimed by citysearch s editorial review	First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
i actually gave patroon another chance before writing this but the second visit was even worse	I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
great pizza for lunch place	Great pizza for lunch place.
i ve been to at cafe spice probably 58 times it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square	I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to	$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber	The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion	I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!
the space is a bit too small for live music so on jazz nights it can be loud and cramped	The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
always fresh and delicious	always fresh and delicious.
if you live outside the neighborhood do nt bother	If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
in terms of the food itself nothing special we limited ourselves to several appetizers	In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
stick to dimsum not super overpriced noodles	Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it	The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
grilled whole fish wonderful great spicing	Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york	Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
the place was nt too hard to find but it was kind of packed as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food the line reached the door	The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years	Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years.
just stick with the small dishes	Just stick with the small dishes!
others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they re eaten	Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.
we would return to this place again	We would return to this place again!
three courses choices include excellent mussels puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world	Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
i have been there many times and food is good and consistent	I have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.
the one vegetarian entree abby s treasure was actually quite a surprise it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables	The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
we generally like good restaurants and eat out often but kai was way to expensive for what we got	We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got.
great wine list reasonably priced sara	Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends	They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi	then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
big and soft as well as good lunch food	big and soft as well as good lunch food.
i ve been here a couple of times and have not been impressed	I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
it s a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street	It's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.
their sushi kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented	Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
the view is spectacular and the food is great	The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
the service wine selection ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition	The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
too bad latin quarters closed	Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
i will be going back and heartily recommend it	I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
the staff are attentive and have smiles on their faces	The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
it s a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food	it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth	The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
what s the difference between the two	What's the difference between the two?
you will not be disapointed at all	You will not be disapointed at all.
they treat me like family morning and night	They treat me like family, morning and night.
la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico	(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat	Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks	We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
to me it exemplifies soho cute artsy interesting	To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
i ve eaten at pizza gruppo a few times but more often i order delivery	I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check	The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
this was nt the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup but i thought that was what made the place so special	This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch	I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
not only would i not recommend jimmy s restaurants to friends i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but	Not only would I not recommend Jimmy's restaurants to friends, I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.
this restaurant was way overhyped	This restaurant was way overhyped.
the dim sum here is only soso	The dim sum here is only so-so.
went there for an office lunch	Went there for an office lunch.
go here for the drinks	go here for the drinks!
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service	They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
we do not need to go to a fourstar restaurant anymore	We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.
great value for the quality ingredients	Great value for the quality ingredients.
i was very impressed by this lowkey upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine	I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface and you get platters of thin sliced meats various vegetables and rice and glass noodles	Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
just because it s cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty it is great	Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
i recommend the garlic shrimp okra bindi and anything with lamb	I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
they brought glasses and the bottle and just left the bottle at our table	They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood	I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
decent wine selection too	Decent wine selection too.
bottles of wine are cheap and good	bottles of wine are cheap and good.
this place is great	This place is great.
big thumbs up	Big thumbs up!
worse of all 60 was erroneously added to our 80 bill	Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
we will definitely go back	We will definitely go back.
but i d go back	But I'd go back
first of all dal bukhara rocks	First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
i have eaten at saul many times the food is always consistently outrageously good	I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers	Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
and forget what you read under me the atmosphere is nt that bad either	And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
try green curry with vegetables	Try green curry with vegetables.
my girlfiends and i ate at og again last night	My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
not what i wanted to hear	Not what I wanted to hear.
the food is authentic italian delicious	The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring	The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
everytime my husband and i go there we are never disappointed	Everytime my husband and I go there, we are never disappointed.
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge	My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
pricey but worth a try at least once	Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks	A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again i will certainly stop by	Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again, I will certainly stop by.
service here was great food was fantastic	Service here was great, food was fantastic.
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole	Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out	Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
from an english speaking staff	from an English speaking staff.
service was also very good	Service was also very good.
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here	I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
this is the best shabushabu restaurant in the trystate area	This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
i would highly recommend this place	I would highly recommend this place!
the decor is vibrant and eyepleasing with several semiprivate boths on the right side of the dining hall which are great for a date	The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
it s the perfect restaurant for ny life style it got cool design awsome drinks and food and lot s of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar	It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
all my coworkers were amazed at how small the dish was	All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.
everything we had was pretty good but we have only been there once	Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
deff recimmend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out	Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
arigato gozimas yuka	Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were	As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls	This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you but the food does nt quite match up	Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x	Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
based on a visit a month ago i returned the week before christmas and was hugely disappointed	Based on a visit a month ago, I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed.
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat	Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
i love and i know gourmet food by excellence	I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
leon is an east village gem casual but hip with well prepared basic french bistro fare good specials a warm and lively atmosphere	Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things the heavy black antiqueseeming teapot for one in the restaurant experience	Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc	We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
kind attentive wait staff	Kind, attentive wait staff.
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue	We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent	This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
sure the setting is nice	Sure, the setting is nice.
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry inedible chicken with terrible sauce	The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
but when we looked at the menu there were nt a lot of choices most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section	but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish	The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant	We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.
this is a fun restaurant to go to	This is a fun restaurant to go to.
the pizza was really good	The pizza was really good.
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner	There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
told us to sit anywhere and when we sat he said the table was reserved	Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites but everything was delicious	Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
the sushi was awful	The sushi was awful!
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap undercooked beef	It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.
the waiter was attentive	The waiter was attentive.
i love this place	I love this place!
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere	delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side	Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
we began with the cheese fondue the artisanal blend and added apples and kielbasa to dip	We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago	Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.
plenty of choices to make your own creation	Plenty of choices to make your own creation.
owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit	Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently	Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.
i think locals rate this place so high	I think locals rate this place so high.
drinks got screwed up she acted put upon	Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
the food was undercookedthe sauce watery and the vegetables raw	the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for 300 in nyc	Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
another plus is most of the entrees are approx	Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
great food at reasonable prices	Great food at reasonable prices.
the food was very expensive we spent 160 for lunch for two but extremely tasty	The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
i ve been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst	I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
for dinner i had the chicken tikkamasala and some garlic naan	For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
the food however is what one might expect	The food however, is what one might expect.
i ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious	I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
be careful when they say spicy they mean it	Be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!
check it out	Check it out.
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do nt like	The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager a bubbly friendly young woman with a great smile truly cared about how we were doing	The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
and i have been around the block to say the very least	and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer	great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but	The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
what more could you want	What more could you want?
the owner is very friendly and a great guy go try his pizza you ll like it	The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food	We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i could nt believe the food	My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
i ve been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine if not good	i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
i recommend the jelly fish drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings certainly the stir fry blue crab	I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
even with the prix fixe pricing this restaurant is not worth it	Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.
the drinks are a saving grace but service staff please get over yourselves	The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh a delicious and sweet tasting bread	Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
what generous portions	What generous portions!
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i do nt have to deal with crowds or lines	I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced the atmosphere is filled with energy and the beautiful people of course and the food was surprising good	Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar	I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
want to impress	Want to impress?
when you re sitting in their main dining room which has a spectacular handpainted high ceiling you d never know there was a world outside	When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
stick with the chicken beef and lamb dishes	stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
it s very spicy but not offensive	It's very spicy but not offensive.
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money	This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service	This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
i ve been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes they re that good	i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
they do nt seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai	They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
it was wonderful	It was wonderful.
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger to steak to escargot	The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
the freshest best variety and the fastest delivery	The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
service was good and food is wonderful	Service was good and food is wonderful.
and their prices are very high they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service	And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
my suggestion is to eat family style because you ll want to try the other dishes	My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
searching to get out from the cold freezing weather we went into what we thought was a deli	Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.
this big draw is the all you can sushi here for 1995	This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!
i love the place	I love the place.
it s only 195 for a regular slice and 400 for a slice with a mushroom not mushrooms	It's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.
someone else recommended the dessert we also left that	Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
we all felt it was worth it	We all felt it was worth it.
take a good sense of humor an american express card with no limit walk out with a lollipop gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road	Take a good sense of humor,an American express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
all i can say is wow	All I can say is WOW!
i just do nt understand all the hype	I just don't understand all the hype...
i ve been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants	I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry	I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
we were nt	We weren't!
growing up in ny i have eaten my share of bagels	Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
great service great food	Great service, great food.
the staff is no nonsense	The staff is no nonsense.
it was pretty inexpensive too	It was pretty inexpensive too.
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily	My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to	The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
haru on park s is simply disgusting	Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away	The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
they did give a 15 discount at the end was nt enough as they knew the service was horrible	they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
went for a late weekday lunch	Went for a late weekday lunch.
excellent atmosphere delicious dishes good and friendly service	Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
but do nt ever order bacon late at nite either platter or in sandwiches for that matter do nt from any take out place as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos hurt my molars	But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they d treat us well for the occasion	they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
my friends and i have been going here regularly for two years	My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years.
however service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had	However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
give it a try and enjoy	Give it a try and enjoy.
i had their eggs benedict for brunch which were the worst in my entire life i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was	I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
nice place though	Nice place though.
we ran a little late for the reservation but it was nt a problem to get our table immediately	We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
ummm the beer was cold	Ummm...the beer was cold.
if you do nt mind presliced low quality fish unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place	If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes	The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
have eaten at ginger house several times and it s always good	Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
we started with lox and mussels the best ive ever had ever and had the cod and trout for dinner	We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
old school meets new world	Old school meets New world.
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view	The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
their sake martini is wonderful	Their sake martini is wonderful.
if your into thaiyou can not miss this great restaurant	if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn	It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome great appetizer to share	The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
enjoy	Enjoy!!!
one should not go to lucky strike for the food	One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
an excellent service	An excellent service
this place is a literal holeinthewall that is buried within doyers right off of pell st barber s alley in chinatown	This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers, right off of Pell St (barber's alley) in Chinatown.
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt	The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
this should have been done in a back room away from customers	This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.
only wine and beer are served but the house varities are actually quite good	Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
it s supertrendy and there s always someone to take that empty seat so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence	It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
i know you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored but my agenda is i m here to eat and enjoy the company of friends seeking a pleasant experience	i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
the dishes offered were unique very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages sardines with biscuits large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream the best and freshest i ve ever had	The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
wo nt or ca nt is not in the service directory	Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts unfortunately the pizza sorry not the best in nyc	If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices	The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
this is one of our alltime favorite	This is one of our all-time favorite.
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside	The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.
in fact you ca nt miss it	In fact, you can't miss it.
excellent dumplings served amid clean chic decor	Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
the sushi has been from average to below average the wait service has always been subpar the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen the acousitcs are horrid everything echoes is extremely loud	The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you ll love it here	If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
looking from the outside in one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall really that s what it is	Looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).
oh and it s too tiny for families with strollers	Oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.
the food itself was just ok nothing spectacular but the service was awful	The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
the inhouse lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music and moreover takes requests	The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me	There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill	You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water	And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
i am indian and i have tried many indian places in ny	I am Indian, and I have tried many Indian places in NY.
the service is good and the resturant is clean	The service is good and the resturant is clean.
you ca nt go wrong with this place	You can't go wrong with this place.
hmmm	hmmm.
for those that go once and do nt enjoy it all i can say is that they just do nt get it	For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
no thanks	No thanks!!!
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt	They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
an oasis of refinement food though somewhat uneven often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine chef s passion and kitchen s precise execution is most evident in the fish dishes and soups	An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening	Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night	We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
they are amazing	They are amazing!
good drink	Good drink.
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews	Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
it s charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic even	It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever	I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor	The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice	She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
very good breads as well	very good breads as well.
katz s has been a nyc original for over 100 years	Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.
i was there on sat	I was there on sat.
service is great takeout is good too	Service is great, takeout is good too.
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out	As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.
i ve been living in the columbia university area for about 10 years with 3 kids now in their teens	I've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.
this place does nt compare with mamoun s in terms of price freshness value and consisent quality but that s just my opinion	This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it but they were not	I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice1 for our order and 2for our check	When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
unbelievable	Unbelievable.
i will definetly be going back	I will definetly be going back.
drinks way over priced	Drinks way over priced.
not the greatest sushi place but excellent for a 1995 all you can eat	Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws	Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great	My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!
the place s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh	The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll it is well worth the price you pay for them	Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
keep up the good work	keep up the good work.
i m from england and haru s was the best i had in nyc	I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.
the first time i went and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere i ordered the lobster cobb salad	The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table	I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
this is nt your corner chinese food takeout	This isn't your corner Chinese food takeout.
what a great place	What a great place!
top spot in town for vietnamese classics better than places that cost a lot more	Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
you can also special order any kind of dumpling etc	You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
they do cater to american palates but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige	They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food	We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
the halibut was too salty dessert was so so do nt waste any of your calories and service was poor	The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
normally that would be improper however they were all delicious and my host did not complain	Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under 30	Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
southern indian cuisine is still there too	Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
please take my advice go and try this place	Please take my advice, go and try this place.
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car i happen to live in inwood	Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).
people are always friendly	People are always friendly.
as we were leaving the couple standing by the door said to another waiter we re not in a hurry	As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end	good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
service is average	Service is average.
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side	I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went	Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated	For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
nothing against a good sales call but the tactics at amma are just too obvious	Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.
no refills on fountain drinks though	No refills on fountain drinks, though.
i ve been several times and am totally smitten	I've been several times and am totally smitten.
good food at the restaurant a bit expensive but great if you want to impress your date	Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
spice is sleek modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet	Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
haru serves very fresh fish has a trendy modern ambiance prime location on park avenue south and friendly service	Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks swirl them around and eat	Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
i like the ambience it s very dark and original	I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
finally	Finally!
we were not disappointed	We were not disappointed.
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys	Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
nha trang while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i ve ever been to the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables	Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
but still my date was bad	but still my date was bad
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites	The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
i have to agree with the previous reviewer	I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect	The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
great bar most gorgeous bartenders you ve ever seen specifically the blond lady	Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must	I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
we have been to montparnasse many times and return often for good reason	We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.
it s just ok pizza	It's just O.K. pizza.
for the quality of food a little too expensive	For the quality of food, a little too expensive.
amazing	Amazing!
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety serving almost 40 of items bbqed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with notsofresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance	If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
service is highly refined our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress	Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place and are not in a rush this place is a bad idea	Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
really cool stauff inside	Really cool stauff inside.
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door	Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
a wonderful place	A wonderful place!
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce and the duck noodles are yummy as well	The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
authentic pakistani food	Authentic Pakistani food.
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes	The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
they have it all great price food and service	They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
finally after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be	Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.
a word to the wise the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town	A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
you have to increase the service a lot	You have to increase the service a lot.
besides when you have bad service that s less money you have to tip	Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
go for it	Go for it!
my husband said the portions were very small but if my main course was good to eat the portion would ve been fine for me	My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches	The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
i m happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting	I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more	For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average	Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
so again give it a try	So, again, give it a try.
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions	The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
i have eaten there 34 times and the food was always good	I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
nice restaurant overall with classic upscale italian decor	Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
waiters tend to forget drinks completely food portions are so tiny two people have trouble sharing one entree	Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
they forgot a sandwich did nt include plastic forks and did nt include pita with the hummus platter	They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds	I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months	Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were nt as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected	The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
great pizza and fantastic service	Great pizza and fantastic service.
quite frankly this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried	Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat	The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
good for dates or with friends	Good for dates or with friends.
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky	I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
it s called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials	It's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials.
i have nt been to the other locations	I haven't been to the other locations.
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday	I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday.
i ve overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i ve been sitting there while he lectured another customer	I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
a must for all the dosa lovers	A must for all the Dosa lovers.
just go and see for yourself	Just go and see for yourself.
took my sister here before attending a show one evening	Took my sister here before attending a show one evening.
the service is descent even when this small place is packed	The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
located at the end of a magnificent block	Located at the end of a magnificent block.
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite	A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
sea has become so popular that they ve let it go to their heads	SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there	I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
the overall price tag was very very expensive something i did expect	The overall price tag was very very expensive, something I did expect.
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap stick to pork fish chicken lamb and vegetables	Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated we were served dishes we had nt ordered three times received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served and that order was undercooked and charged 45 more than we should have been on our bill	Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
delicious food excellent service and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the 599 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch	Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them	We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
in any event this is a place i ll be sure to stop by again when i m in this part of town	In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
they have some great entrees here as well	They have some great entrees here as well.
last memorial day i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend interesting but	Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
we had the potstickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great	We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix	I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.
we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i m not sure which dim sum dish it was	We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.
if it is nt for the food a it must be the service or the ambience	If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
while the place is not a hotspot hangout the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck	While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable	Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
would recommend perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central	Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.
place should also have a 123 chili rating to be more authentic	Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...
yeah sometimes the service can be slow	Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
a pleasant surprise	A pleasant surprise.
outstanding bagels but you get what you pay for	Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years	When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
we spent 50 definetly will come back with my friends	we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc	The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
you are treated just like royality	You are treated just like royality.
total hipsterwannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot	Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
this was on a tuesday night	This was on a Tuesday night.
i must give it yon out of yon stars	I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown	One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.
the setting is casual and romantic	The setting is casual and romantic.
when he s not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms he s visiting the regulars a growing legion and checking on newcomers	When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
the staff was accomodating the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely	The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city seattle we liked this nearly as much and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant	Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
the sandwiches are dry tasteless and way overpriced	The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
do nt be fooled by crowds of people	Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
there are other people waiting	There are other people waiting!
160 for 2 filets 2 sides an appetizer and drinks	$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
if you were there when it first opened give this restaurant a second chance	If you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.
the service was attentive yet unimposing the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced	The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
never again	Never again!
for appetizers i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings	For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
the food was really good i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever	The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
service was very good prompt attentive and nonintrusive	Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
overall i was impressed and will return it s a great qpr quality to price ratio	Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).
this place is worth an onehour drive	This place is worth an one-hour drive.
most of the servers are very attentive friendly and quite attractive	Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods	We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
would nt recomend it for dinner	Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment	Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience	The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
tends to turn people away	Tends to turn people away.
i m from sichuan this is the restaurant i recommend going	I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions	Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
perhaps	Perhaps.
yes there might be a wait if you have no reservations	Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
i have been here a few times for dinner once for brunch and twice for lunch	I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come	This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.
the service is always bad though do nt expect much of anything from your server and i would not recommend bringing a date here either	The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
the food was soso	The food was so-so.
i would never wait for a table to eat it just is not that great	I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here	If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
found service above average but that could be because we were 13 of us	Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening	The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
i am a die hard peep lover	I am a die hard peep lover.
and it all comes at a very reasonable price congee noodles and rice dishes are no more than 36 each	And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
excellent lunch buffet for only 695	Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york	It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
for two people with tip was less than 25 bucks	For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
jimmy s is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx	Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service	We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
granted the space is smaller than most it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants	Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
the menu has lots of options i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes	The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
no you re going to go back because the food was good	No you're going to go back because the food was good.
i ve waited over one hour for food	I've waited over one hour for food.
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet	The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella but every pie is ultra fresh	He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
the red curry is weak and tasteless the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy the rice is often overcooked and the seafood is pretty sketchy	The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends having lunch dinner pretheatre or aftertheatre drinks	This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
the best pad thai i ve ever had	The best pad thai i've ever had.
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert	You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
pizza here is consistently good	Pizza here is consistently good.
the problem is just thatit is a sometimes kind of affair	The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.
not only is the cuisine the best around the service has always been attentive and charming	Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
while we enjoyed the food we were highly disappointed by the poor service waiter was not quite competent and slow service and lack of remorse	While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
i loved everythig about itespecially the shows and actors	I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
less wait time for me	less wait time for me!
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst	I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors	I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS.
the appetizing is excellent just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price if bought by the pound	The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough both in quantity and quality	The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
we had reservations at 9pm but was not seated until 1015pm	We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
if you live in upper manhattan siam square is the place for thia food	If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.
the dinner menu is diverse and topnotch as well	The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read	I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
the decor is really blah and not at all hip or happening	The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
i liked the beer selection	I liked the beer selection!
my husband had the mesclun salmon and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses	My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
overall the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves	Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
i really liked this place	I really liked this place.
have the iced tea	Have the iced tea.
they also have a back garden open in the summer cute and french with outdoor seating what more could you ask for	They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
on a recent sunday afternoon a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt	On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant	They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
try sushimi cucumber roll	Try sushimi cucumber roll.
my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend	My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
during happy hour	during happy hour!
i live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of the pizza place at 3am	I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
the food is great service is ok	The food is great, service is ok.
there is no excuse for such lousy service	There is no excuse for such lousy service!
usually 3 vs 4 items per dish	Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full	My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers	we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
the fries are yummy	The fries are yummy.
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time	My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
i have had so many dinners here and it s always been perfect on a date with my husband with my mom with girlfriends and larger groups	I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic	We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
and we were thouroughly disapointed	and we were thouroughly disapointed.
the tables are crammed way too close the menu is typical of any italian restaurant and the wine list is simply overpriced	The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
this is nt a value joint	This isn't a value joint.
decor is charming	Decor is charming.
the staff is very kind and well trained they re fast they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations	The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
if you love seafood you would love this place	If you love seafood, you would love this place!
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri	I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza	Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
leave the kids at home	Leave the kids at home!
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant	Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
first the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials which i would have chosen had i known about them	First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan	like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
the ambience was nice but service was nt so great	The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
compared to other shabu restaurants around town this places wins handsdown	Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
a gentleman maybe the manager came to our table and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order	A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong it actually means great prosperity	Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe s to eat here	Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful	We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
the food is delicious from the specials to the regular menufare the dishes are never a disappointment	The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
we ve only eaten in the restaurant once but we have ordered many times for dinner	We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme and this chef accomplishes without fats	I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
i live nearby and when they first opened i ate there a lot	I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.
would definitely visit again	Would definitely visit again.
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter	Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded	I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
get the tuna of gari	Get the tuna of gari.
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly	The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
you can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation	You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark	The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
we will be back	We will be back.
delicious crab cakes too	Delicious crab cakes too.
when we left at 800 pm it was packed and noisy	When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
i ve read some of the previews reviews people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food	I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past but that s just it the past	We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
will absolutely visit again	Will absolutely visit again.
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed	The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
you will find yourself returning quite often	You will find yourself returning quite often.
with so many good restaurants on the uws i do nt need overpriced food absurdly arrogant waitstaff who do nt recognize they work at a glorified diner clumsy service and management that does nt care	With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
the atmosphere is great	The atmosphere is great!!!
they used shredded cheese on top	They used shredded cheese on top!
if it s just a quick martini at the bar which i recommend jeffery s or a mind blowing roast chicken go to village	If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it	I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding	Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
my husband and i both ordered the steak medium	My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
we a menu that rearely changes e xcept for one or two specials the quality and care they put in thier food in evident	We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
the photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look	The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
our friends have not arrived yet	Our friends have not arrived yet.
for the price you can not eat this well in manhattan	For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
i hate this	I hate this.
if you ve ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer	If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
this was the worst dining experience i ve ever had	This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
i have been going there since it opened and i ca nt get enough	I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
i d definitely recommend this little place	I'd definitely recommend this little place.
service was quick	Service was quick.
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese gets a little messy	The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
i would go again if i did nt have to pay	i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
it s like they took leftover chicken poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it the sauce was translucent and red	It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
as a retired hipster i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laidback late night in the city	As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey	They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
great atmoshere and worth every bit	Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
the staff offers impeccable service	The staff offers impeccable service.
we asked to be moved which took half an hour and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back even though the rest of the room was practically empty	We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something although they dont forget to charge you for it	It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant	We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
alain ducasse is the best of everything i mean everything was excelenti	Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I
anyway this is the last time i cross the williamsburg	Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.
do nt eat here unless you re starving for thai food and you work next door	Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
pizza the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings the crust tastes like the best freshly baked bread	Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
the pickles were great addition	The pickles were great addition.
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon	The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
the menu looked good except for offering the chilean sea bass but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside	The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
the service was mediocre and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal	The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room	With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded but the service is excellent and it s great for friends out a romantic date or a special occassion	The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
our waitress was sweet and accomodating not overbearing	Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
read all the other review they ll confirm it	Read all the other review, they'll confirm it.
try the hot dogs too they re snappy and delicious	Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time	This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
our server was very helpful and friendly	Our server was very helpful and friendly.
great food great lay out and awesome service	Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
the specials are usually quite good too	The specials are usually quite good too.
bon appettite	Bon appettite!!
great food great prices great service	Great food, great prices, great service.
i know because i live nearby	I know because I live nearby.
i think the stuff was better than disney	I think the stuff was better than Disney.
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer	Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
this is a true gem of the village	This is a true gem of the village.
we were exploring grand central and did nt want to eat in the food court	We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
we ve lived in the area for more than 8 years	We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed	From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
the environment is romantic but the food is horrible the service is pathetic and gabriella lies about everything she could	The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
still stay away the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer	still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch	On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently	The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
solid wine list knowledgeable staff friendly owners and an adventurous everchanging menu keep us coming back	Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
we ve been following chef lyle s food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return	We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too	He was terribly thirsty after the meal too.
just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you	Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
went here on a friend s reccomendation	Went here on a friend's reccomendation.
the food there are sastifying	The food there are sastifying.
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them	Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
food was average and creme brulee was awful the sugar was charred not caramelized and smelled of kerosene	Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
here s to the fake fish tanks too	Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
people dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans	People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
everything about this restaurant was special	Everything about this restaurant was special.
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise	The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
the waitress seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing	The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant	Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
decent wine at reasonable prices	Decent wine at reasonable prices.
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal	The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
lunch came with pickels and slaw no extra charge	Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive	I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
in an effort to increase turnover the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse	in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
if you re looking for a great meal at a decent price go to del frisco s	If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
the wait staff is pleasant fun and for the most part gorgeous in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way not in that sheswaycuterthanmethatb way	The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone s living room	It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone's living room.
i love this cozy around the way rest	I love this cozy around the way Rest.
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it	The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
we were very pleasantly surprised	We were very pleasantly surprised.
the food here does a great service to the name cantonese that is	The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
if you re looking for a place to sit down have a drink and conversations with friends go to sweetntart and order yourself a hongkong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls hot	If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food	My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
this place is a great bargain	This place is a great bargain.
murray wo nt do it	Murray won't do it.
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10	The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
spice is great thai food love the inexpensive appetizers	Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
at night but it s hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury the music playing in the background is also voluminous	at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan	I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
the restuarant itself is not large but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese	The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends	All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
i went to df for valentines day dinner	I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course	First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
overall worht every penny	Overall, worht every penny.
the atmosphere is unheralded the service impecible and the food magnificant	The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
a great choice at any cost and a great deal	A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
i take all my nyc guests to vt s	I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
this was the perfect quiet relaxing and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater	This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
all the money went into the interior decoration none of it went to the chefs	All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
rao s has the best service and atmosphere in nyc	Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
we ordered the chicken casserole but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken all dark meat and on the bone	We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant	Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
the food is wonderful tasty and filling and the service is professional and friendly	The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
i wo nt go back unless someone else is footing the bill	I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood	I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained this is a great place to go and eat	If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets and then ordered for them	When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
very excited to hear that shortterm chef jason narone has moved on he truly was a low point of their sterling track record	Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
it s like you are transported to the italian countryside very romantic and filled with antiques	It's like you are transported to the Italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.
however their popularity has yet to slow down and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation	However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more	I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!
they ve the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods	They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
good dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch	Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and wellprepared	They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share kai may not be the best option	If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch i dont mind	I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
the bagels are fabulous	The bagels are fabulous.
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do nt skimp	The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
i come from a family of pizzeria owners and i m almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino s blows my families receipies away	I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
the food was just ok i would never go back	The food was just OK, I would never go back.
you do nt go to mizu for excellent service you go for the large amounts of food the amiable atmosphere and the holeinthewall feeling of the place	You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
for 600 the most we have ever paid not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance	For $600 ( the most we have ever paid) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance.
the prices were fantastic	The prices were fantastic.
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for 12 dollars and the mushrooms where 12 for about 1oz	Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
will give it another chance before i write it off	Will give it another chance before I write it off.
i have been to rao s probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better	I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets and joya is the best	We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
restaurant snobs need not bother this is a small neighborhood kind of place	Restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.
if your visiting you ll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it s in time sq	If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating	Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime	The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere	All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends outoftown	My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
a large is 20 and toppings are about 3 each	A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts	A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
it is about food and ambiance and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine	It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food	The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca nt wait to try the fondue or table grilling	The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs so be aware	Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs, so be aware.
when we stumbled on leon we thought that we had found quite the gem but we were certainly wrong	When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
they outshine hh	They outshine HH.
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes i ca nt wait	The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant	I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree	The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you or with the local union worker on the other side	strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.
i have been going back again and again	I have been going back again and again.
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish	But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
because of the delicate thin crust takeout pies get soggy in their boxes	Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there	Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
not a typical pizza joint but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner	Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
most importantly food is excellent	Most importantly, food is excellent.
great food spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom	Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
had a late night dinner on a saturday night	Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives	honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
now it s so crowded and loud you ca nt even talk to the person next to you	Now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.
meanwhile the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil gratis	Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make em worth eating	And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly	We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
the ambience was so fun and the prices were great on top of the fact that the food was really tasty	The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
the people with carts of food do nt understand you because they do nt speak english their job is to give you the delicious food you point at	The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner	All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.
even better they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it	Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
i consider the best grand sichuan restaurant in nyc	I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.
the service was excellent and the food was delicious	The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way	I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices	The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
the antipasta was excellent especially the calamari as were the filling pasta mains	The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
during our meal the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks	During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
i ve never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy s bronx cafe	I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city	I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
spreads and toppings are great though a bit pricey	Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
it s constantly open catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st so there s more turnover with the food than you d expect ie surprisingly fresh	It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap	I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
we liked it so much that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york	We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food	Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
wonderful	Wonderful!
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience	Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
i only have friends	I only have friends.
the palak paneer was standard and i was not a fan of the malai kofta	The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar	Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
the food was boring and expensive	The food was boring and expensive.
this was one of the best restaurants i ve ever been to	This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
one of my favorite places in manhattan	One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
ambiance and music funky which i enjoy	Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
my only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you	My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!
the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive nothing flashy	The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal but some dishes are quite good such as the eggplant parmesan veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca	The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
this time i prefer not to go into detail	This time, I prefer not to go into detail.
my six year old loved it	My six year old loved it.
a cool bar with great food and tons of excellent beer	A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile	The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
the service was excellent the food was excellent but the entire experience was very cool	The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
will not be back	Will not be back.
acceptable prices	Acceptable prices.
taj mahal offeres gret value and great food	Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
we were pleasantly greeted	We were pleasantly greeted.
the crackling calamari salad which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants is crispy and lightly dressed	The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
check it out it wo nt hurt your stomach or your wallet	Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
volare virgins or weekly regulars everyone gets treated the same and you ca nt ask for more than that when the service is this friendly	Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
the food was lousy too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny	The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
compared to essa tal offers a less doughy bagel	Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!
we did nt even see a menu as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes	We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
by dinner time they turn it around and mount a huge comeback	by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place	The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i m used to	The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
the wine list is nt great and the desserts are shipped in from bruno s down the street which is not as good as it used to be	The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
the production is a symphony alot of fun to experiencethe food sublime for the most part	The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there	Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
even if the food was nt this good the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax	Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
oh right i should probably say something nice	Oh right, I should probably say something nice.
a glass of leaping lizard a glass of prosecco and the mussels had everything happy	A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
i m partial to the gnocchi	I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order but once the food is ordered you are in for a treat	It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal	The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
they are fast	They are FAST.
it s simply the best meal in nyc	It's simply the best meal in NYC.
when i visited my friend who lives in the upper eastside she recommended that we go to this restaurant	When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.
this place is incredibly tiny	This place is incredibly tiny.
please do nt fool us	please don't fool us.
i ve been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences	I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
we wo nt go to this place again for a good meal	We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out	But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out.
great food at reasonable prices makes for an evening that ca nt be beat	Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners	Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation so a casual lunch here would probably be best	The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
not a small feat for good french food in the area	Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
lahore is a great place to duck into latenight when you need some really tasty food on the cheap you ll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars	Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
avoid this place	Avoid this place!
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two	I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
their whitefish salad is excellent all whitefish with a little mayo	Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
the noodle and rices dishes taste great	The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
the thali was small thoroughly unremarkable and 1495	The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
would never go back there	Would NEVER go back there.
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies	I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies.
you will be satisfied	You will be satisfied.
love the jazz bands on fri and sat	Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat.
this lovely frenchasian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street	This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street.
even though its good seafood the prices are too high	Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime	I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
obviously run by folks who know a pie	Obviously run by folks who know a pie.
look i dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place please try someother places	Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES).
all conveniently delivered right to the door	All conveniently delivered right to the door.
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune	and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats except at taj mahal	As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
the dosas are skimpy unattractive and drip with grease and personally i d drink popcorn topping before i d eat another one of these	The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there	I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.
i dont how this place is still running	i dont how this place is still running.
just awsome	JUST AWSOME.
sushi was nt anything spectacular for the price	Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row	I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
its not the same if you have to sit inside	Its not the same if you have to sit inside.
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual	The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai more modern and sleek	The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek).
orsay is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc	Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
okayi do nt mind the oily part cause most are cooked that way but it was way too bland	Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
suan has challenged this loyalty	Suan has challenged this loyalty.
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so do nt be a greedy pig	The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!
the food is decent at best and the ambience well it s a matter of opinion some may consider it to be a sweet thing i thought it was just annoying	The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues	Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
the large selection of bruschettas paninis tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating	The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
the service is ok but could be better	The service is ok but could be better.
the meat dishes were only soso	The meat dishes were only so-so.
from the incredible food to the warm atmosphere to the friendly service this downtown neighborhood spot does nt miss a beat	From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
once for dinner and once for brunch	Once for dinner and once for brunch.
it s not mindblowing but to me thai food never is and never will be	It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf ok bad joke but you will see	Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare you ll love artisanal	If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
it s a small cute restaurant	It's a small cute restaurant.
we ve never had any problems with the staff but maybe we ve been lucky	We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
i love this place more and more everytime i go	I love this place more and more everytime i go.
the place is a little tight and on a cold day the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty	The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives	The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well	Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
so all i m trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i ve ever been to	So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
my friend s food was also the complete opposite of what it s supposed to taste like and look like	My friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (aND look like).
the food is uniformly exceptional with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating whether it s on the menu or not	The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return	I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.
but that was nt the icing on the cake a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had	But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
the worst excuse for japanese food i ve ever encountered	The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
the portion sizes here are huge and the sushi is good	The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings the whole slice is topped with them not sparsely sprinkled on like some places	The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can	The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
the price very reasonable	The price very reasonable.
why make a reservation if you are nt going to keep it	Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite	My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.
so for good food i d recommend it but not for a fun night out	So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
try ordering from the regular menu then you would not regret	Try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!
highly recommended	Highly recommended.
will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings	Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant the food	This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
slightly above average wines start at 70 with only one selection listed at 30	Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
the food is outstanding and the service is quick friendly and very professional	The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
butter was melted white wine warm cheese oozing everywhere	Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
very popular style izakaya sake and small portion of sakefriendly dishes	Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu	Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods	We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
food awesome	Food-awesome.
and affordable	And affordable.
if you are looking for a good quality cheap eats this is the place	If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
we just ate at kai and were disapointed	We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.
i ve lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all	I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
the wine is always good the tapas are always yummy especially with the warm pita bread	The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
but after last night spice grill is the only place i m eating indian cuisine	But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
just straight up cheap good food	Just straight up cheap, good food.
the food was amazing the service was so attentive and personable and how about that ambience	The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
no apologies during restaurant week	No apologies during restaurant week.
i will be returning	I will be returning.
or sister in my case	(or sister, in my case!).
great for large groups and celebrations our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening	Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
first it took us a long time to find the place	first it took us a long time to find the place.
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced	The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
while the room is not particularly comfortable once you re seated you ll forget about everything except what s on your plate	While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here simple contract deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20	Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but i ve experienced the same with other restaurants so i do nt appreciate such practice	Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.
if that s a problem go to mcdonald s and destroy your insides	If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.
after all that they complained to me about the small tip	After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort	I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion i do prefer smaller quiter restaurants	For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
the place is sleek modern and playfull and i will return again frequently	The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
the pizza here is delicious	The pizza here is delicious.
guess the 555soul ads did nt launch her big modeling career	Guess the 555Soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.
and that s saying a lot	...and that's saying a lot.
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff	Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach the shanghai low mein and other attractions	My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary and to our surprise it was fantastic	My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
decor is nice and minimalist food simple yet very well presented and cooked and the wine list matches the food very well	Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away we had nt even looked at it yet we had full beers yet to drink the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations	After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
my picks guizhou chicken fish with hot bean source fish fillet in spicy source special menu	my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
i ve been to naples 45 for dinner twice	I've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice.
big and gawky on the outside	Big and gawky on the outside.
it s a nice place to relax and have conversation	It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
this restaurant is not worth the time effort or money to say the least	This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
planet thai is great	Planet Thai is great!
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived	We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
i am amazed by the poor reviews i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian great prices great atmosphere good service and a wonderful wine list	I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials	I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
it s true this place is not cheap	It's true, this place is not cheap.
in addition the food is very good and the prices are reasonable	In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
not the food not the ambiance not the service i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out	not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one	I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave	If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
okay service	Okay service.
quality ingredients preparation all around and a very fair price for nyc	Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.
nice atmosphere the service was very pleasant and the desert was good	Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables but the service could have been better	The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
be sure to try the seasonal and always delicious specials	Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
the italian food has flavor that can be sort of surprising on the ues and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90 s no matter how bad it look you knew that there was a rally just around the corner	The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
the atmosphere is nothing special but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo	The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
i am so coming back here again as much as i can	I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
over time the food quality has decreased substantially it is a lot less crowded than it used to and the service must definitely be part of the reason	Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
the highly spiced chai tea was great too	The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokenicom	My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service	Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal	Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
when we sat we got great and fast service	When we sat, we got great and fast service.
seriously this place kicks ass	Seriously, this place kicks ass.
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else	The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
be careful before you request extra spice	BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.
the food portions are really large	THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE.
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff	This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
this was a great surprise	This was a great surprise.
thank you emilio	Thank You Emilio.
great experience overall	great experience overall.
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly	The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
their sake list was extensive but we were looking for purple haze which was nt listed but made for us upon request	Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
i would definitely go back if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard	I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 1015	Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.
definitely will be back	Definitely will be back!
black white shakes came out good also	black white shakes came out good also.
the pizza was pretty good and huge	The pizza was pretty good and huge.
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar	The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
the owner truly caters to all your needs	The owner truly caters to all your needs.
the service is excellent the decor is great and the food is delicious and comes in large portions	The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona the cheeseburger huge and delictable and the service professional wan warm	The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different	Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza	The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
the crispy chicken was nt for us though	The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
i have been in many restaurants all over the city and roth s steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites	I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service	The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture both chewy yet not gummy	The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
good food	Good food.
chance is a joke	Chance is a joke.
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it	My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
they were such a ripoff 895 for four small meat patties in steamed buns and not worth trying	They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their 35 menu	We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city	I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.
too large for just two people but nothing was left	too large for just two people but nothing was left.
worth the trip from manhattan	Worth the trip from Manhattan.
the service was attentive yet discreet	The service was attentive, yet discreet.
from the street it looks very hidden and is actually an old warehouse	From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down	Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.
rosario s is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence	Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.
no dress codes no attitudes plenty of comfort companionship a great place to relax in an always busy midtown	No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
and everytime i go there s a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front	And everytime I go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.
the food is terrible and overall i would have to say avoid at all costs	The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody	They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.
i ve been there a few times and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people	I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.
i recieved prompt service with a smile	I recieved prompt service with a smile.
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun dessert recommended by the waiter	We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates	This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
gigino s in wagner park is so enjoyable	Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.
we were on our way back to nj and since i am in ny we figured why not grab some food	We were on our way back to NJ, and since I am in NY, we figured why not grab some food?
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud	The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
it s convenient	It's convenient.
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices	INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
by far the best pizza in manhattan	By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp a dish that would cost 2395 is most places but it is 16 here	BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
no really	No, really.
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals	The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries but here they really cram you in to the point where it s borderline uncomfortable	I know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.
it can not be the ambience because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle	It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
the food was great	The food was great.
i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched so watch out	I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
and i could do without the cigar smoke	And I could do without the cigar smoke.
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken then this is not your place	If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better	All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
try the green curry	Try the green curry!!!
excellent experience	Excellent experience.
authentic bistro	Authentic bistro!
i was pleasantly suprised	I was pleasantly suprised.
aside from the rushed service we were very impressed with the food and the drinks	Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
if you go to roth s try to be served by mike he is great	If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
nice ambiance nice little bar good bartender francois and good service	Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
i went to amma after a friend recommended it	I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.
besides we were on vacation	Besides, we were on vacation!
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian	My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan	The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
this restaurant used to be pretty decent	This restaurant used to be pretty decent.
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food	Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
the well mannered pleasant staff that tony has in his employ	The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
get there before 7pm	Get there before 7pm.
we had a girls night dinner here for restaurant week	We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of wburg and will impress whoever you bring there	This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
go here	GO HERE.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other	20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
only complaint would be that at an average cost of 12 15 per meal i d like not to have to worry about finding a seat	Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
based on the reviews on here it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm	Based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM.
after the main course came we did nt see our waiter for at least 40 minutes	After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
their calzones are horrific bad vomitinducing yuck	Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
have frequented ino for several years and the food remains excellent	Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon sea bass and crispy duck	Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
the only positive was the wait staff which was prompt knowledgable and likeable	The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
also good for client lunch meetings esp	Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
the only thing more wonderful than the food which is exceptional is the service	The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute	we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
so sorry i ca nt rate this better	So sorry I can't rate this better.
recommended	Recommended.
this is probably one of my new favorite places	This is probably one of my new favorite places.
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area	This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
always full with tourists especially because of it s close proximity to rockefeller center	ALWAYS full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to Rockefeller Center).
it is definitely special and affordable	IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.
decor leaves something to be desired	Decor leaves something to be desired.
the flavors are great and the menu is extensive	The flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners which is not good considering the bill was nearly 100	The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
the decor in this place is very dinerish and the kind of place you expect in the east village not romantic just simple small and sparse	The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant and passing by it on a daily basis we decided to try	After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
but when you are seated the waitresses are great they explain everything on the menu and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get	But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
truly the mark of an attentive waiter	Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance	The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
i will definetely go back again and again that s for sure	I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!
and the tom kha soup was pathetic	And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
get it together	Get it together.
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats	Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
such nice people working here but i have to review the food	Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
two people in our party felt like something else and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu	Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
why do people rave about the ambience	Why do people rave about the ambience.
i had a late dinner at lucky stike a great name for a joint if ever i saw one	I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
i had a terrific meal and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was nt as good	I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
when you want a piece of beef head on over	When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list	This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
it s a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner	It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them	The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
the only concern i have is with the slighly allbusiness waitstaff who order and throw the food down rushing you out	The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
the service was typical shortorder dinner type	The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
however go for the ambience and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world	However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
night without a reservation we had to wait at the bar for a little while but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience	night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
also the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday unexpected but a truly above and beyond thing to do	Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
disappointing food lousy service	Disappointing food, lousy service.
stay far away from this place	Stay far away from this place.
we always get a sampling of appetizers and share	We always get a sampling of appetizers and share.
we could not catch our waiter s eye and he ignored us	We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel	Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
we visit at least once a month	We visit at least once a month.
after the review i treked into brooklyn	After the review I treked into Brooklyn.
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen	The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
very affordable and excellent ambient	Very affordable and excellent ambient!
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand	It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
i did nt take a look at the rest menu but the oysters were fantastic	I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
the service was poor restaurant poorly lit staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald s than this joint	The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
a guaranteeed delight	A guaranteeed delight!
the food was delicious the atmosphere was relaxed and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second	The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
whem asked we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were	Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
just an odd group	Just an odd group.
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great	The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta panini s	I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
a restaurant that does nt try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere	A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
now if they could only get a toaster	now if they could only get a toaster.
bring your appetites	Bring your appetites.
they are located in the middle of chinatown	They are located in the middle of Chinatown!
it is what modern cuisine is all about	IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
the thai food is good	The Thai food is good.
otherwise good stuff for late nite eats	otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
it s also attached to angel s share which is a cool more romantic bar	It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
the food s as good as ever	The food's as good as ever.
both are delicious the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand	Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
service was warm and attentive beef carpaachio was exellent huge portion and pasta was fresh and wellprepared	Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional	We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
the kitchen however is almost always slow	The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ask for extra rye bread	Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
it s a steal	It's a steal!
decent thai food in cute though a bit dank little nolita hangout but service terrible	Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
the food was well prepared and the service impecable	The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
the food was terrific and the service classy attentive without being overbearing	The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
the food was bland oily	The food was bland oily.
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past	We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.
i was glad i did	I was glad I did.
the wine the service was very good too	The wine the service was very good too.
there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here	There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.
probably much busier for lunch it s seldom crowded for dinner too close to downtown	Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
to celebrate a birthday three of us went to mare anticipating great food	To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it	I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious	Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
good fast service	Good, fast service.
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz s deli down on the lower east side	If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
we bring in a party of ten or so every week	We bring in a party of ten or so every week.
moderate prices	Moderate prices.
while the food was excellent it was nt cheap though not extremely expensive either	While the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom third generationfornini pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle again making it soggy and nothingon the rest	The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
been there done that and new york it s not that big a deal	Been there, done that, and New York, it's not that big a deal.
i am going to the mid town location next	I am going to the mid town location next.
stick to the gulab jamun	Stick to the gulab jamun.
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal relax be able to talk and have a very good time	Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
fantastic place	Fantastic place.
the food here is rather good but only if you like to wait for it	The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
did i mention the wine	Did I mention the wine?
nevertheless the food itself is pretty good	Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
ps please do nt tell anyone in my family i eat there	P.S. Please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.
i ll keep this short	I'll keep this short.
and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair	And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.
we ordered the special grilled branzino that was so infused with bone it was difficult to eat	We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
this is also where i was from	This is also where I was from.
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent	I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai	We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones	Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible	The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
definitely not a restaurant to skip	Definitely not a restaurant to skip!
the staff makes you feel at home the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful	The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections	We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
i do nt live in ny but my best friend does	I don't live in NY but my best friend does.
i must say it s a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view	I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
i asked for them spicy and they were delicious	- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
great food good size menu great service and an unpretensious setting	Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
the food came out wrong the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal	The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
considering their price of 625 for lunch special the dish was ridiculously small	Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
this is my fourth try over a two year period and i m done	This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.
try the tandoori salmon	Try the tandoori salmon!
i was nt there for the halfprice saturday night special but tuesday night	I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting	You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
you can not go wrong with this place	You cannot go wrong with this place.
also very inexpensive	Also very inexpensive.
i would nt even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy too	I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
this is some really good inexpensive sushi	This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
once you become a regular you are treated as one	Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.
everything is excellent the menu is quite extensive and you eat with a view on both sides of the city	Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available	We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster a cold lobster salad that was magnificent	One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
you order from a menu so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience	You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
there was no ambiance	There was no ambiance.
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee rice porridge	I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
plain and simple it s bad thai food	Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
no pizza 33 for me	NO PIZZA 33 for me!
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country	It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at 10	Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
the prices are wonderfully low	The prices are wonderfully low.
great indian food and the service is incredible	Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
this is by far my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often	This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!
the flavors robust and subtle	The flavors robust and subtle.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service sometimes i get good good and bad service	sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
delivery is fast too	Delivery is fast too.
may the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you	May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
well worth the trip close to city hall and downtown subway stops	Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day	The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
the bill is approximately 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks	The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
i live a block away and go to patsy s frequently	I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
try it side by side and there s no comparison	Try it side by side and there's no comparison.
we actually gave 10 tip which we have never done despite mediocre food and service because we felt totally ripped off	We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
our food was great too	Our food was great too!
if you re not familiar with the cuisine you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do nt accept credit cards	If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions	The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
try the crunchy tuna it is to die for	Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness	Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
late nite omelletes are not good here there is no variety	Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
cute place nice wait staff but would never go there again	Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
i recommend it	I recommend it!
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful if not relaxed atmosphere	Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
they have authentic indian at amazin prices	They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
service is top notch	Service is top notch.
however i think this place is a good hang out spot	However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
sure everyone s got their favorite but to know sal is to know new york	Sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know Sal, is to know New York.
i have never had cheescake like this	I have never had cheescake like this.
it is set far from the small street it s on and there is no traffic noise	It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
a few tips skip the turnip cake roast pork buns and egg custards	A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
i m going back	I'm going back.
even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine if you can call 7000 inexpensive the cost is through the roof for better than average fare	Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
i loved it and would go again	I loved it and would go again.
the food is spectacular from the appitizers to the main course and then of course the desserts wow you ll need no more	The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
but they were too big for the bun	But, they were too big for the bun.
definately check it out	Definately check it out!!!
our tiny table for two dinner plates hung over edge was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic	Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking	Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptlythe	We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
but they do nt have a toaster which is strange	But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair	Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry	We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
the portions are now very small the sauces are overlyambitious usually inedible while the service is still good the restaurant due to its popularity seems frantic	The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini	The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
and the prices were way to high for what you get	And the prices were way to high for what you get.
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters a great deal of mess stacks of bottles cans and a small counter holding 1214 entrees	A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge	You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
highly recommended to all	Highly recommended to all!
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price	Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
food is great	Food is great.
it was huge delicious fresh and will be the reason we return	It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was nt even fully melted	The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
the blond wood decor is very soothing the premium sake is excellent and the service is great	The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
drawbacks service is slow and they do nt toast	Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner	The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
the restaurant was packed at first so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated	The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
again the waitress was awesome	Again, the waitress was awesome.
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant	Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers	Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
the kamasutra and bombay cosmopolitan are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time	The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls night	I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.
the wine selection by the glass and bottle is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they re going to be in town	The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
it seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too	It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
my friends and i showed up on a sat	My friends and I showed up on a Sat.
i ve been to joya twice and i will never go again	I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.
other guests enjoyed pizza santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips	Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
in fact it appears he is going to go postal at any moment	In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city	Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
they never brought us complimentary noodles ignored repeated requests for sugar and threw our dishes on the table	They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
i love the atmorphere peep	I love the atmorphere @ peep!
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived	The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal	My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
this is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive	This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
my picks are scallion pancake fried with vegetable juice very special and tasty guizhou chicken shredded squid family style one of my personal favorites sichuan spicy soft shell crab shuizhu fish this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans i would nt recommend to my american friends as it s very spicy	my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
for the location the prices are very reasonable	For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
and the staff is also young energeic and hot	And the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!
their margarita is best i ve had since i ve returned from naples	Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments	We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money	Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
this one is definintely my least favorite	this one is definintely my least favorite.
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time	I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
i absolutely love this place	I absolutely love this place!!!
the svc can be a bit rude at times esp if you have big group but overall the restaurant is a must	The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order but their food says i love you	They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
i ve dined at alain ducasse s restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience	I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration	they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
went here last night and had a pleasant experience	Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
note that they do not serve beer you must bring your own	Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
they re terrific	They're terrific!!
everything looks great the drinks the decor the food even the people	Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood	Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together	kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
i was in love with pongsri on 48th but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced	I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
i was with a party of 7 close but not next the the front doors and we were eating with our coats on	I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner	After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
it s definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone	It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
i ca nt wait for the nex time	I can't wait for the nex time.
but that is highly forgivable	But that is highly forgivable.
the food is good but very expensive for the casualness of it	The food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.
even upon delivery their juicy pork buns are quite good	Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
the food is good i ca nt lie	The food is good, I can't lie.
the food was great and the service was even better	The food was great and the service was even better.
i definitely will go back	I definitely will go back.
i have been to mary s many times and i like it	I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table	The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
good bagels and good cream cheese	Good bagels and good cream cheese.
oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant arties cafe	Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it	I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
i had filet mignon with garlic mash	I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
all in all i do nt see how you can go wrong	All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.
i went to del frisco s friday night with my boyfriend for an 800 reservation	I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
at the end you re left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup	At the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.
the food was below average the service was pathetic there was no ambience at all	The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment	Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.
it s usually packed for good reason esp	It's usually packed for good reason, esp.
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning	A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
the lobster sandwich is 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price	The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
great sushi experience	Great sushi experience.
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy	Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal	The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way the food was insultingly horrible	While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
the only thing the waiters do nt do for you is wipe your chin when you leave	The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
the food was just ok at least for what food was available	The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee	The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
service is fast and friendly	Service is fast and friendly.
i never had anything i did nt like here	I never had anything I didn't like here.
faan s got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery	Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing really good meal	I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
this place is always very crowded and popular	This place is always very crowded and popular.
the best i ve found outside of the chinatown masters	.the best I've found outside of the Chinatown masters.
looking around i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen	Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
you guys rock	you guys rock.
the staff is courteous and friendly	The staff is courteous and friendly.
the dim sum however was very good	The dim sum however was very good.
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks everything was creatively prepared yet still simple	From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty	The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do nt want to bother going farther for a better place	Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine	I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent	They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
joe s pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up	Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us	It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
yes they use fancy ingredients but even fancy ingredients do nt make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right	Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
great food great decor great service	Great food, great decor, great service.
the filet mignon dish was superb	The filet mignon dish was superb!
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better	The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
i ve been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i m craving for pho lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice this is the place to go	I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
i go back in line like three times on average until i ca nt walk anymore	I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
as a japanese native i ve lived in the tristate area for over 8 years but i was just so amazed at this place	As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza as i love la pizza fresca	Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names but they do cost you	They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
definite go if you re used to good indian restaurant food from abroad	Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.
food is great and inexpensive	Food is great and inexpensive.
the atmosphere is nt the greatest but i suppose that s how they keep the prices down	The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu	We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
a hearty two thumbs up	A hearty two thumbs up!
and atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space they left us awkardly seated	And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
molto bene	Molto bene!
whenever you need a sushi fix mizu will be there with quality fish and great service	Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
my coworkers had to wait almost an hour for delivery only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered	My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
three of us arrived for dinner about 530 on a week night without reservations	Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
i am not a vegetarian but almost all the dishes were great	I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
service is friendly prices are good delivery time was a little slow but for the way this pizza tastes i m willing to overlook it	Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
we have been to this place many times and always have great food wine and service	We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews i felt there was more than enough food	We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
overall i m still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again its chinatown	Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
hurley s is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came	Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
i go twice a month	I go twice a month!
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town	Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
while this can hardly be called a restaurant it is possibly the best deal in manhatten 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 23 entrees	While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
stay away from the latter since you wo nt go for seconds hint hint	Stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).
i do nt know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer	I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square	The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
you can do it here	You can do it here.
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment	Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
friendly and informative staff very attentive and prompt raw bar service	Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
your money could easily be better spent elsewhere anywhere	Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
the pizza is overpriced and soggy	The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
i recommend their pad see ew pork chops or tofu plates	I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
i ve never been disappointed	I've never been disappointed.
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table	Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
when he finally did he was unable to make a gin and tonic could nt find tonic	When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
the food was authentic	The food was authentic.
i highly recommend the sophia pizza	I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
i highly recommend cafe st bart s for their food the ambience and wonderful service	I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal	I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
very good service and very good prices	Very good service and very good prices.
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge	The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
however in the summer of 2003 it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup	However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
everything a ny pizza joint should be	Everything a NY pizza joint should be.
buon appetito	Buon appetito!
not pretentious and very economical	Not pretentious and very economical.
we love the food drinks and atmosphere	We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible	I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
great eats good times	great eats, good times.
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere delightfully free of the bts	But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
but i would nt wan na live there	but I wouldn't wanna live there.
warm comfortable surroundings nice appointments witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms	Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
i found the food to be outstanding particulary the salmon dish i had	I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go	If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive	I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip and the food was delivered quickly but we live only a few minutes walk from them	We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
i am french and i really felt like home	I am French and I really felt like home!!!
so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave	So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
delicious bagels especially when right out of the oven	delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses	It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it	From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
ahhh	Ahhh...
the food drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city	The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood	One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
sometimes i get good food and ok service	sometimes i get good food and ok service.
and really large portions	And really large portions.
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices	I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
wonderful at holiday time	Wonderful at holiday time.
it costs 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an insideout roll but the roll more than triples in size and that s not just from the rice	It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues	At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.
sake collection was excellent try nanbu bijin but pricy	Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
dessert ca nt be missed so save room	Dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!
we ve been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed	We've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.
look elsewhere	Look elsewhere.
a the service was good to excellent along with the attitude	A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we ve ever had	The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
i work nearby and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood not a packaged or quickcooked item	I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
i loving bringing friends here and i do so every chance i get	I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.
secondly on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume	Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.
i have tried to make reservations but both times the hostess did nt have my name	I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
bleecker st pizza is the best	Bleecker St Pizza is the best!
best of all is the warm vibe the owner is super friendly and service is fast	Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
somewhat pricey but what the heck	Somewhat pricey but what the heck.
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful	I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful!
furthermore the rice had no seasoning so the sushi was bland and disgusting	Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
staff is very accomodating	Staff is very accomodating.
whether it s the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite	Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
it is very overpriced and not very tasty	It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
interesting selection good wines service fine fun decor	Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
over the years the host vittorio and his crew have always treated me as family although with all the business this notsolittle gem does it amazing he s even able to remember a consistent but notsofrequent visitor	Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
we parked on the block of nina s the place looked nice with people obviously enjoying their pizzas	We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
this is the first time citysearch didt call it right	This is the first time Citysearch did't call it right.
the food is a diamond in rough the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes	The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
terrible terrible management deserves to be shutdown	Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
took my mom for mother s day and the maitre d was pretty rude	Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip which was generous i feel	We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
i loved it	I loved it.
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving mean while there were boths open all around	The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
at taj vegetarians can rejoiceall the dishes are manna from heaven	at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
even though the restaurant was packed we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems	Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
i definitely would nt go back	I definitely wouldn't go back.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread but all the bagles are unbeliavably good	my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
the food was very well prepared	The food was very well prepared.
the waitstaff were attentive polite and helpful an impressive feat in such close quarters	The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways	I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
as i made the title it s an affordable restaurant for great taste	As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
if you want to save some money do nt go here	If you want to save some money, don't go here.
service was very friendly	Service was very friendly.
i look forward to eating here again	I look forward to eating here again
one would think we d get an apology or complimentary drinks instead we got a snobby waiter would nt even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so	One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
the food is reliable and the price is moderate	The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
the food was absolutely amazing	The food was absolutely amazing!!
so rude	So rude.
it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late raucus dinner	It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
for some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening i do nt understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area	For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, I don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.
recommendations of course are required	Recommendations, of course, are required!
we were nt even at our table for more than an hour total	We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
do nt look down your nose at me like that	Don't look down your nose at me like that...
the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table	The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.
the food s dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine	The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for	Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
love the food	love the food.
they did not have mayonnaise forgot our toast left out ingredients ie cheese in an omelet below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it	They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
they do nt walk around with the trays of dim sum	They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice	Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
eating in the atmosphere saves it but at your desk it s a very disappointing experience	Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
in summereat outside on a terrace another great feature of suan	In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
but nothing stands out about the cooking	But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else	Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
i loved the shows	I LOVED THE SHOWS.
my boyfriend and i have been to the minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed	My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves	For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
the staff is nt the friendliest or most competent and i am stickler for service but everything else about this place makes up for it	The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
i could nt reccommend their godmother pizza any higher	I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful	The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
the food is very good for it s price better than most fried dumplings i ve had	The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i m in nyc	Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.
the service was terrible we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served	The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
first off the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her odd in a restaurant with 6 tables and got our order wrong	First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here	You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
it is also extremely well priced	It is also extremely well priced.
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date	I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
try everything for that matter it is all good	Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
we had a 3 hour brunch they definitely do not rush you and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time	We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistencynot too fishy creamy and slightly buttery	It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for	We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
do nt go	Don't go.
hurley s is terrific	Hurley's is terrific!
go girls	Go girls!!!
from the appetizers we ate the dim sum and other variety of foods it was impossible to criticize the food	From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
it s a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks	It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
while it s not nobu it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full	While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a tripledecker here you can get what you want in a reasonablysized portion and price	Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
in the evening this place attracted a well dressed with it ny crowd	In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
in any event even though its a bit on the pricey side we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back	In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world	The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine	He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible	I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!
do nt waste your time or money	Don't waste your time, or money!!
frankly when you compare what you can have here for lunch versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city there is no comparison	Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca nt seem to find a great italian restaurant drive to corona	If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
i almost wanted to write a bad review so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself	I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
everything from the soft bread soggy salad and 50 minute wait time with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food	Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
delivery service is great too	Delivery service is great too.
but they do	But they do.
its not curry in a slurry crap and regular run of the mill food	Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
the ingredients taste fresher the crust is thinner and crispier the slice is less oily and it s never burnt like it occasionally is at joe s	The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
boy was i wrong	Boy was I wrong!
as much as i like the food there i ca nt bring myself to go back	As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well	The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
alone for 100 bucks it is really overprice	Alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem	Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
just do nt take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there	Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc it s wonderful and live relaxed jazz on certain nights	This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC, it's wonderful, and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights.
for my birthday and we had an excellent time	for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend	My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
we ate here in march 2006 and ordered the pretheatre 3course dinner with wine flight	We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i ve had	My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
great food and the prices are very reasonable	Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city the food was not what i had hoped for	While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
it s really also the service is good and the waiters are friendly	It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
the food is amazing rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza	The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
the food is fresh delicious and reasonably priced	The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
also the place is popular with families so if you re bothered by children running loose like wild animals come later at night to avoid them	Also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.
having been a long time essabagel fan i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray s	Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.
great friendly service fast seating fast delivery excellent sushi	Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
my boyfriend and i recently had an early dinner at artisanal and was satisfied with our experience	My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.
la rosa waltzes in and i think they are doing it the best	La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
lloovve this place	LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
service was very prompt but slightly rushed	Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
monday nights are a bargain at the 28 prix fix this includes a three course meal plus three glasses of wine paired with each course	Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
planet thailand has always been a hit with me i go there usually for the sushi which is great the thai food is excellent too	Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
i would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space	I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
then if they answer the phone you re lucky if they do nt hang up on you	Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate	To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot	What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size	The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
service was prompt friendly and great	Service was prompt, friendly and great.
i will have to say this bengali fast food joint is clearly my favorite	I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps	Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
the rest of the dim sum though pricey by chinatown standards is worth it	The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
enough said	enough said!
200 for 2 glasses of champagne not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks	($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
however it is jus too good to not praise it	However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
where gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat	Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.
i went here with my boyfriend and another couple	I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian	instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it	It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house	And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
i asked for seltzer with lime no ice	I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
this place has good potential but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else	This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really ca nt top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc	Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys masaman green red are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it	You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
i ca nt wait for summer when they serve outside on their gigantic patio	I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
as a fan of thai i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst	As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed	A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer again not the greatest value in the world but worth the price and the lamb vindaloo is great	try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
having hunted around for a quiet romantic yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot	Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
those rolls were big but not good and sashimi was nt fresh	those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city	This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
heartland brewery is a great way to start or finish your day	Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.
i ca nt believe people complain about no cheese sticks	I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
pizza and garlic knots are great as well i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick	Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh	We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
probably would not go again	Probably would not go again...
we there were four of us arrived at noon the place was empty and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude	We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
much more reasonably priced too	Much more reasonably priced too!
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i ve had at this price range	The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
do nt expect to sit down inside though there are only a few tables and they are always full	Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner	A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens this is among the best	Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
if you re in town it s worth searching for another place	If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.
stay away from this place	Stay away from this place.
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city	Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
perfect for dates	PERFECT FOR DATES!
i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady	I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.
the service is outstanding and my crabcake eggs benedict could not have been better	The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date	Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
have recommended the place to friends always gets good response	Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
to speak of the park side words can not describe	To speak of the Park Side, words can not describe.
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal	Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
love yuka	Love YUKA.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret	i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
behind this counter two men are squeezed in	Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it	I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant	IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
i think i ve had some the best meals of my life at minnow	I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food	The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
the wait staff is very freindly they make it feel like you re eating in a freindly little european town	The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
great staff	Great staff.
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before and toons is by far the best thai food ive had except for my mom s of course	Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price	Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
anyways if you re in the neighborhood to eat good food i would nt waste my time trying to find something rather go across the street to tamari	Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
they charge different prices all the time	They charge different prices all the time.
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine	Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
what i did nt like was how the food came right after it was ordered	What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
they sell special sushi everything have a topping sauce and etc	They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation	While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
bravo blue hill	Bravo, Blue Hill!
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde	If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small especially the appetizers so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef s special tasting menu prepare to order and pay for an appetizer 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing a main entree and the cold udon at the end of the meal	I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
from beginning appetizers the scallops were incredible to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet we were delighted by the taste sensations	From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
while the prices are nothing special the portions are huge	While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
he takes real pride in his food and his business	He takes real pride in his food and his business.
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation	I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
bravissimo	Bravissimo !!
we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses	We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
a real dissapointment	A real dissapointment.
for park avenue i expected so much more	For Park avenue I expected so much more.
the prices are about 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch	The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side	Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.
decor is minimalist and clean nothing to distract or commend	Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.
of course this atmosphere is lacking but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways	Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
it s really a takeaway place i would nt sit if i could take it home	It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.
i got the 10 10piece dim sum combo every bite of which was great	I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
despite the untasteful previous review	despite the untasteful previous review...
oh but wait we were out of drinks which were also delightfully overpriced	Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood i ve found little toninos	After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york	Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
i went at 600 pm specifically for the pretheater menu 1995 for roasted tomato soup with chevre steak frites creme brulee and it was marvelous	I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group	The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
this was a repeat visit and we ll definitely be back again	This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
do nt leave without trying one night in tokyo	Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.
how do you rate home	How do you rate home?
like others have said do nt expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes a busy restaurant may require you to wait	Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
ambience is delightful service impeccable	Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious new summer menu at artisanal last night	My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
worth a visit	Worth a visit.
great for groups great for a date great for early brunch or a nightcap	Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
thr at moshphere is compact modern yet cozy	THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.
my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village	My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village.
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else	When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
for authentic thai food look no further than toons	For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
plus on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited	Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
i had the black cod with yuzu sauce which was wonderful	I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
i hate hate hate this place	I HATE HATE HATE this place.
also specify if you like your food spicy its rather bland if you do nt	Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back	The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
no gimmicks here the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation	No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
veal parmigana better than patsy s	Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
complimentary stuff kept coming and when the waiter saw me opening a gift i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it with a candlevery nice touch and attentive staff	Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
they re also friendlier here especially the owner kenny	They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.
i liked the food at this quasithai restaurant	I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
fish was overdone	Fish was overdone.
just remember the later you go the longer you may have to wait	Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded	Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin which was heavenly at sushi rose	I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
oh yes and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls some of which i would love to know where they obtained	Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times	There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice	You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine so if you want to make a reservation you are limited	They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
from the terrible service to the bland food not to mention the unaccommodating managers the overall experience was horrible	From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
the wait staff is very friendly if not overly efficient	The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
the service was ok	The service was ok.
still try it once since if you end up loving the food it could be one of your best dining experiences	Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do nt want to drop a ton of cash	Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch this place is great	In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
walkins are risky too	Walk-ins are risky too.
as a longtime patron of mamoun s i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city	As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.
i ve had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times when i have been in the neighborhood	I've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times, when I have been in the neighborhood.
the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead	The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
the menu is nothing like the one on the website	The menu is nothing like the one on the website.
do not get the go go hamburgers no matter what the reviews say	Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else	Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
the food was just awful atrocious actually	The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.
light refreshing summer rolls not fried remind me of vietnamese places in paris	Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
i went to ruby foo s after work with a group of 6	I went to Ruby Foo's after work with a group of 6.
best dish is noriwrapped tuna	Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full	Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.
a one women show	A one women show!
i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon	I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table even though we had reservations	Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
go with a group of friends and you will have a great time	Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.
the food is great and authentic	The food is great and authentic.
i would recommend roxy s for that but not for their food	I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
last time i went here the waitress did nt come back after taking our order	Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted	I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
please try the filet mignon its just the most tender piece ever	Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
service friendly and attentive	Service- friendly and attentive.
this place is not worth the prices	This place is not worth the prices.
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them as they tend to offer large portions	My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
also do nt plan on asking for your favorite roll if it s not on the menu you ca nt have it	Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money	I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
very good value	Very good value
just wish they d expand	Just wish they'd expand.
i went here with a friend on a whim we went someplace else first and could nt get a table	I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
try the mediterranean salad it is a true experience for your taste buds	Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
overall i would recommend it and go back again	Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
the menu is prix fixe so be prepared to spend at least 60 per person but it is well worth itsuperb food	The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
it s delicious	it's delicious!
the best thing i tasted were the lambchops	The best thing I tasted were the lambchops.
three page wine menu one page entree and horedevous	Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
i ve eaten thai many times and am very familiar with the cuisine	I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
the design and atmosphere is just as good	The design and atmosphere is just as good.
if you want some roast duck pork or chicken on rice with ginger try them out	If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
i would not recommend this place to anyone	I would not recommend this place to anyone.
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters you come for the authentic foods the tastes the experiance	I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious	All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce	My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
you ll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city and most still do nt compare	You'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.
however looking at the table next to ours we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza which looked perrrrrrrrrfect	However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window	I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
really	Really.
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great	The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant	By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
one of the best chicken tikka masala	one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build	This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
his wife tanya the hostess completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious	His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
going to ballato s is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen an absolute delight	Going to Ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn	Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city	The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
indoor was very cozy and cute	Indoor was very cozy and cute.
it just was nt thai	It just wasn't Thai.
thanks bloom s for a lovely trip	Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
in reality to maximize potential diners they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby	In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
i was a little leary about mary s at first it s small crowded and you usually have to wait on line but i m glad i finally tried it	I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city	All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
we went around 930 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great	We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
while there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich katz s has a charm about it	While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.
went last thursday	Went last Thursday.
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste	That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
they all know you	They all know you.
the service was great as well	The service was great as well.
service is extraordinary yet not overbearing and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens	Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
the service was excellent friendly and attentive	The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed	The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
you ca nt go wrong here	You can't go wrong here.
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent	just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
i absolutely loved this place	I absolutely Loved this place.
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district is truly an excellent find	With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
if you are a carnivore come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been	If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal	I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
the rice to fish ration was also good they did nt try to overpack the rice	The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
i love essabagel but i live on the west side so i often go to murray s for convenience	I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
they re rude at times and not very friendly	They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
consistently good japanese tapas	Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
the food is good especially their more basic dishes and the drinks are delicious	The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though	i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant	We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
but the coconut rice was good	But the coconut rice was good.
i ve always been seated propmtly	I've always been seated propmtly.
it is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in bay ridge	It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.
i ca nt wait to go back	I can't wait to go back.
definitely worth the trip to battery park city	Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday	Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin	We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
we always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied	We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
well their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold	Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates	The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service this is the place	If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try	I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
food was ok fish was cooked well	Food was OK - fish was cooked well.
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service	The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
the food was very good a great deal and the place its self was great	The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
the big complaint no toasting available	THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
the food is ok but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant	The food is o.k., but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive the staff knows what they are there to do to know their menu present your meal and attend to your needs	The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
i have been twice to this restaurant	I have been twice to this restaurant.
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished	The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
order the panang duck it s fantastic	Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better but it was not	They kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre	The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i ve tried similar dishes at	I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
all the food was hot tasty	All the food was hot tasty.
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i do nt have to rush off to a show	I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don't have to rush off to a show.
unlike hh up the block this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for	Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
if presentation and service is your thing then this magic show works	If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
if you re looking for perfect traditional sushi go here if you re looking for interesting combinations try sushi of gari s east side	if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously but it should nt	Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
the food options rule	The food options rule.
it helps if you know what to order	it helps if you know what to order.
there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those	There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
but people from sichuan will die for it chongqing hot pot chongqing was the biggest city of sichuan now became an independent province	But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.
loved it	Loved it!
the allitalian staff is warm and engaging from the start	The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
only drawback they wo nt toast your bagel and they do nt make eggs for the bagel	Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
i often go there to eat with my family	I often go there to eat with my family.
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid and was unnecessarily heated with a burner	My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
while the food was good certainly no il mulino the service was horrendous	While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
he ca nt help they re bought up so fast	He can't help, they're bought up so fast.
i really did nt know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of grand central	I really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central.
ca nt wait wait for my next visit	Can't wait wait for my next visit.
it s a shame that a nice convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service	It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
go hungry and enjoy	Go hungry and enjoy.
decor is nice though service can be spotty	Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
i had the tuna tartare with sake mushroom ravioli with pinot noir and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for 49	I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal	Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
they also do a great job for restaurant week	They also do a great job for restaurant week.
on a recent saturday night i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar	On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.
for the people who want great food plus great service roxy is a place to avoid	For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate	The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.
the food was not very tasty the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant	The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
the service is not consistently excellent just decent	The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
i am happy i did the food was awsome	I am happy i did the food was awsome.
i had a grat time at jekyll and hyde	I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
anyhow we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat which was nice	Anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.
no plans to return anytime soon	No plans to return anytime soon.
this is the kind of place you d like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret	This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
the food is great and reasonably priced	The food is great and reasonably priced.
both are very reasonably priced around 8 for dinner and 5 for lunch and are delicious and filling	both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
great neighborhood joint	Great neighborhood joint.
trust me it will be great and all of it will be devoured in no time	Trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.
i m sure i ll return for a final judgement tho	I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
went there last night for 2 year anniversery and was nt all that impressed	Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive considering we were the only ones there for the first hour	The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
at 5 dumplings for 1 you just can not go wrong	At 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.
very good wine choices	Very good wine choices.
i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons	I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork	I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
i loved this place	I loved this place!!
very romantic fires i ve literally spent hours at lanterna drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience	Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
wow over 100 beers to choose from	Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
katz s deli is a great ny experience	Katz's deli is a great NY experience.
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu though too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick	Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
its worth the wait though	Its worth the wait though.
the bagel was huge	The bagel was huge.
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available	The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
not worth the prices	Not worth the prices.
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat	Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt s house for dinner assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook	Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates	No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
we d go back again	We'd go back again
and its absolutely delicious	And its absolutely DELICIOUS.
the place was nice and calm	The place was nice and calm.
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 800 pm curtain call	We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool	It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
saul is pretty good but definitely not great	Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
this is the best thing in soho	This is the best thing in Soho.
the service was attentive	The service was attentive.
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions	this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
threw my fiance s surprise 30th birthday dinner here could nt be happier	Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
the best burger i have had in the village	The best burger I have had in the Village.
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better	My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
get your food to go find a bench and kick back with a plate of dumplings	Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
wont come back again for sure	wont come back again for sure!
his drinks are very inventive delicious and classy	His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap	we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
the staff is accomodating the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed and the food is out of this world	The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
skip dessert	skip dessert.
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away	Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
the staff has been nice but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often	The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
for all you lazy folks that do nt want to come to alphabet city i say good stay out	For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town	You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work	Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water	The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
i do not recommend the heartland brewery	I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise	So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
i recommend ordering in on a weeknight	I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
village is one of those places that scores on all fronts	Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.
made my dining experience uncomfortable	Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years	I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great	Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy s bronx or for that matter jimmy s uptown again	I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it	The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
a big disappointment all around	A big disappointment, all around.
i can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there	I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
we were disappointed with the prefixe menu of only 2 choices per course other restaurants offer 3 choices and ended up ordering a la carte	We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties multiples of 2 and higher seated for 40 minutes the three of us were squished into a small 2person table	After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
for years i thought tuscan cuisine was the best but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit	For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining	Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
great wine selection gigondas is worth the price and the house champagne is a great value	Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would nt miss roxy s food is expensive but it s new york	my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker we were seated at a table with one of the best view	Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn	This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
we ate out in the back patio which is worth it as it s cool and the music is hear well there	We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
it s one of our favorite places to eat in ny	It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
i will never visit this restaurant again	I will never visit this restaurant again.
the sake menu should not be overlooked	The sake menu should not be overlooked!
will never be back	Will never be back.
i came here for my friend s birthday and keep coming back ever since	I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls	Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.
but warning to all those that use this site be weary be very weary of recommendations	But WARNING: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.
not only was the food outstanding but the little perks were great	Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
the food was good	The food was good.
the food was good too	The food was good too.
i grew up on these bagels	I grew up on these bagels.
then get ripped on free box wine	Then, get ripped on free box wine.
it is terrific as is the value	It is terrific, as is the value.
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place he painted the ballato s sign in the window	i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).
it hits the spot every time	It hits the spot every time
not only does make the best pizza in ny maybe anywhere	not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.
the food is yummy especially their cookedtoperfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries	The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
once you step into cosette you re miraculously in a small offthebeaten path parisian bistro	Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
rao is a good restaurant but it s nothing special	Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn	I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores	I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.
the service is fantastic	The service is fantastic.
went with mommy the only person who could afford taking me here	Went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).
was surprisingly disappointed	Was surprisingly disappointed.
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects	It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week s notice	It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues	This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES.
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice result we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl	They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered	The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
i would definently recommend this restaurant	I would definently recommend this restaurant.
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff because despite the current one this is a great place	The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
i do nt know about you guys but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere	I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
is just the way it was in days gone by	Is just the way it was in days gone by.
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere	brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
even the pasta is delicious here a rarity in new york pizza restaurants	Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
however i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant	However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.
all pretty good	All pretty good.
food was very good but not what i would consider out of this world	Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
do nt go alone even two people is nt enough for the whole experience with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods	Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
i would highly recommend nina s to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures	I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
the lunch special is an asbolute steal	The lunch special is an asbolute steal.
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date	We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
if you can handle that it s a great place for a business dinner fun with friends or simply a table for 2	If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
if you live in new york city you ll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount	If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
the location is perfect	The location is perfect.
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city	This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken	Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there	I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
the buffet had a nice selection	The buffet had a nice selection.
i love it	I love it.
on the other hand if you are not fooled easily you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse and food that will outshine in presentaion taste choice quality and quantity	On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
after complaining about the chicken dish the manager came over to tell us that no one had ever complained before and that we just did nt know what the dish was supposed to taste like	After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
i had the best ravioli ever	I had the best ravioli ever.
the bagels always warm soft on the inside crispy on the outside and enormous in size	The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
if just to drop in quickly stuff yourself and jet out to keep their turnover	If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.
to my right the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido rapido as he tried to clear and reset a table for six	To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
to be completely fair the only redeeming factor was the food which was above average but could nt make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora	To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
the quantity is also very good you will come out satisfied	The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality	The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
the menu is very limited i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees	The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
at 630 we were the third party there	At 6:30, we were the third party there.
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well	The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
i love their spicy scallop roll and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken	I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
we could nt carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we re taking too much time amazing we just sat down	We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
the fried dumplings are great	The fried dumplings are GREAT!
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service	I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
i just do not understand what the fuss is all about	I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included ceviche mix special crab dumplings assorted sashimi sushi and rolls two types of sake and the banana tempura	We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
the staff was very attentive the ambience lovely and the food superb	The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
we went to ino for valentines	We went to Ino for Valentines.
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it	We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
yeah it s that good	Yeah, it's that good.
i think the restaurant was too loud when full to be romantic	I think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 830	A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes	Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
in fact two people could really share one plate	In fact, two people could really share one plate.
seriously this is the best all you can eat in town as everyone says the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best have 4 of these and you ve broken even	Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
the staff is excellent specjal that girl behind the bar european chic	The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
it is thick and slightly soggy	It is thick and slightly soggy.
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people	I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
having discovered ping s on the internet we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in	Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints and has a bar which deserves a mention	The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most	Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch	They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
i loved it and will be back soon	I loved it and will be back soon.
food was delivered by a busboy not waiter we got no cheese offered for the pasta our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal when we would have easily spent another 20 on wine	(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like arteryclogging jewish deli food but turns out to be poorly run and awful	Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
i do nt usually order wine with indian so i ca nt comment on their wine list or their wines	i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
wow how have i missed this one tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew	wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
ambiance relaxed and stylish	Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
if you d like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent long tan is a good place on the slope	If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal	I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants this is not the place for you	If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
love pizza 33	Love Pizza 33..
prices are in line	Prices are in line.
they could nt even make a salad that was appealing	They couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant	I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name	Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty	The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side	The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
i did nt expect to like nosh as much as i did but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly the soups are like mom s and the knishes give yonah schimmel s a run for its money	I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
overall excellent restaurant	Overall, excellent restaurant!
taxan delicious	Taxan delicious!
and there s no way out	and there's no way out.
killer sushi	Killer Sushi!
the food at this place is gourmet indian cuisine	The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
sure enough exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly	Sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.
it was horrible	IT WAS HORRIBLE.
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back	The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers other times they ve skipped my order	Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries	Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
skip this restaurant it s a big disappointment	Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality i have been hesitant to be disloyal	I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
i found the food service and value exceptional everytime i have been there	I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of	I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever	The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
tasty steak pork loin the works	Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
if you are a vegetarian this really is nt a good place to go	If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday and i was thoroughly impressed with the food	We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4 which makes no sense whatsoever	The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
the steak tartare is a great bet they fix it for you at the table	The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street	Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
i ve rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i ve been going	I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
the place is a lot of fun	The place is a lot of fun.
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty could ve used a bit more salt	I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited	The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited.
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only 250	A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired doneness accompanied by salads and sides that do nt look like leafy road kill	Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
the dinner was ok nothing i would have again	The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
aside from the sea urchin the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail boton shrimp blue fin torro fatty tuna sea eel etc	Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
was there friday night	Was there Friday night.
while they keep the capex to a minimum they do put some cash into the bagels because they among the best in the city	While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
orsay is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food and french service as well	Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy	She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
service was excellent and the ac worked very well too thank god it was hot	Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
i loved it and would highly recommend	I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
anyway the food is good the price is right and they have a decent wine list	Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
i ve been to this monster sushi twice the 46th st once the 23rd st one a number of times	I've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.
we left after one drink	We left after one drink.
the wine list is interesting and has many good values	The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
the photobook menu was a cute touch certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken pork chop and noodle dishes that we all ordered	The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
the food is expensive but worth every bite	The food is expensive, but worth every bite.
over 100 different choices to create your own	Over 100 different choices to create your own.
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar	By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
sexy	Sexy.
the prices can not be beat for the quality quantity freshness and taste	The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service delivery is their achilles heel	And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i ca nt remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking the whole evening was amazing	From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
so if you want a nice enjoyable meal at montparnasse go early for the pretheater prixfixe	So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive	The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
my entire family was horrified	My entire family was horrified.
uni from maine vs california sea vs freshwater eel to get a good taste comparison	uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.
we were worried we would have trouble getting in but somehow managed to have a short wait	We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai another delicious thai restaurant	This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai (another delicious Thai restaurant).
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table but standing up was nt too bad	It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
check out the secret back room	Check out the secret back room.
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed	I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
my mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant	My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
but for whatever reason prices are about twice as high	But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
open late well as late as i ever got there and i m a night person	Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
they are the best bagels i ve had	They are the best bagels I've had.
i heartily recommend	I heartily recommend.
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna	I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine s dinner	My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine's dinner.
i have nt eat a lamb chop as delicious as that the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil	I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like	We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant	The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
otherwise this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere	Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy	What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
best reuben sandwich ever	Best Reuben sandwich ever!
great for a romantic evening or a fun evening with friends	great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
i recently went to this restaurant with some coworkers for lunch and had an amazing time	I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
too bad the food was nt of the same heritage	Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
good spreads great beverage selections and bagels really tasty	Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
love the atmosphere felt like i was in paris	LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
very different than regular dimsum places	Very different than regular dimsum places.
has the chef and owner changed	Has the chef and owner changed???
the sandwhiches are outofthis world	The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
we picked it randomly without a recommendation from someone who has been there so we were nt sure what to expect	We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
food is average and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi s tastes better	Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor	I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
interior was so so	Interior was so so.
i noted it was crossed off on the bill	I noted it was crossed off on the bill.
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery generic white sauce this is your place	If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
but the thai is definitely not great bland and indistinguished	But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
the service is awful the last time i was there and i do mean the last time we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave	The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
he always says i do nt have customers	He always says, I don't have customers.
just do nt do it	Just don't do it.
less more in their case	Less = More in their case.
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere	The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
i am a 100 lb girl had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner and i was still hungry after my visit to this place	I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
instead of wasting your time here support restaurants that care about food	Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
i have never been disappointed in the red eye	I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
the food is delicious	The food is delicious.
the makhani was ok the korma was bland	The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.
however if you want great food at a great price and do nt mind the decor you ca nt beat this place	However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back in a veyr good sense	When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
very neighborhoody very quick and sufficient	Very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.
the one up front will smile and say what can i get for you brother	The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you, brother?
would definitely go back again	Would definitely go back again.
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes	Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.
and that s no mean feat	And that's no mean feat...
i suspect this restaurant is what rao s would be if it had nt turned exclusive	I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
i care more about the food and ambience	I care more about the food and ambience.
the barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry	The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
that place was awesome sally	That place was awesome,,,  sally !
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying fresh and yummy	I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza the house salad and a good bottle of wine	Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
i am completely hooked on this place it is ridiculous	I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.
however i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling	However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
whoever the jazz duo was they were on point	whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
the tastes makes your mouth water for more	The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
coming from boston this place is like emma s pizza in kendall square in cambridge although they have more funky toppings	Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded	Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.
no free drink	No free drink.
ok for all of us growing up in the village of nyc we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants most of which stay open very late	Ok, for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.
i ve been here twice now	I've been here twice now.
the food was absolutely horrible	The food was absolutely horrible!
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners	All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
they live up to the thai way of living	they live up to the thai way of living.
i am bringing my whole family back next time	I am bringing my whole family back next time.
bottom line b for the food f for the service	Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice	They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
i think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated	I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated.
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary	The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
while this is nt classical restaurant fare the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burnouts	While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
but who says murray s is anything about service	But who says Murray's is anything about service.
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it s in the west village	The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
my turkey burger was not cooked at all my friends salmon was completely raw	My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends	Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
when we arrived at 600 pm the restaurant was practically empty	When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.
service has always been friendly and efficient	Service has always been friendly and efficient.
this place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing	This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
for all of you new to indian food try the paneer roll it is a piece of heaven	For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends and spent three enjoyable hours there	I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
i stumbled upon this second floor walkup two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from la being serious sushi lovers we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action	I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine	It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly helpful and willing to the extra mile for a customer	Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth s is the strip house	The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House.
i got enough reasons to keep coming back	I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there sharing a large pelligrino a pizza of two of their specials one was goat cheese the other blue cheese and both were excellent	We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
this place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine	This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
finally a reliable chinese restaurant	Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine	I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
a defitely must visit	A defitely must visit.
i was at rao s last wed	I was at Rao's last Wed.
beef noodle soup is good as well	Beef noodle soup is good as well.
the place is a bistro which means simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere	The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good however	The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc	Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.
the perfect spot	THe perfect spot.
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york	The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
service was efficient courteous	service was efficient courteous.
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive	The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
food and service was okay	Food and service was okay.
i would definitely recommend mary s and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts	I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced	This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
definitely not worth the price	Definitely not worth the price!
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food this is one of the best spots	In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
i have been to spice three times twice during lunch and once at dinner	I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date	The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded	I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
it s somewhere you can eat and be happy	It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned	The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
also if you do nt want to sit at a certain table you do nt have to	Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well	I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.
a very inviting restaurant with friendly service	A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed	This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
to give you an idea of how good we thought it was we ended up going to ping s three weekends in a row	To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!
it will be on my to do list the next visit to nyc	It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.
i ll be back soon	I'll be back soon.
good atmosphere combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays	Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
it s the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food	it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
i found it on a cold night the perfect spot to warm up	I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged	I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
i for one will never patronize them again	I for one will never patronize them again.
we left never to return	We left, never to return.
never fails to please	Never fails to please.
every course was better than the next	Every course was better than the next.
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes	The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
i would go back	I would go back.
the service is awful	The service is awful.
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar chef yoshi and ordered everything ala carte	My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
i ve been many time and have never been disappointed	I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant i decided to give it a try with two friends	After reading the good reviews of this restaurant, I decided to give it a try with two friends.
for 760 for 2 people it s a once in a lifetime experience	For $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.
everyone is welcomed in as family	Everyone is welcomed in as family.
its a goto for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests	Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
we were pleasantly surprised	We were pleasantly surprised.
kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family	Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here	The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
what an amazing meal and experience	What an amazing meal and experience!
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you	Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone	happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
faan is sooo good	Faan is sooo good.
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category	Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited	There is a real gallery of stars that have visited.
the fried rice is really good too	The fried rice is really good too.
i d call it an italian dinner	I'd call it an 'italian dinner'.
either that or the editor s idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th	Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
its located in greenewich village	Its located in greenewich village.
ou must try this restaurant	OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
this place is a great stop for great food	This place is a great stop for great food.
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior	They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard	The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
another welcome addition to the neighborhood	Another welcome addition to the neighborhood.
warning you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu	Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo	If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
the sauces used are also not that exciting	The sauces used are also not that exciting.
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful	The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten	$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
i plan on eating here more often	I plan on eating here more often.
admittedly this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate and thank goodness in my opinion but for simple elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us	Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
after reading the posts i was always skeptical to go to the minnow despite living in park slope	After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.
yet paired with such rude service would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there	Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
and i have eaten my share which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve	(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
if you like sakagura but you feel it s too much you d better try yokocho	If you like Sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try Yokocho.
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening	I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well	We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
you should pass on the calamari	You should pass on the calamari.
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it	Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks	I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me	Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
what is even better is that the prices are very affordable as well and the food is really good	What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city	(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
this is the best sushi in new york city hands down	This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
this restaurant is such a great place	This restaurant is such a great place.
during the course of the past 3 months the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better	During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
when my dessert came there was a candle in it not because anyone asked for one but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort	When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
price no more than a jersey deli but way better	Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
great food lt s of it more then one person can eat	great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
fast service	Fast service.
not too crazy about their sake martini	Not too crazy about their sake martini.
service is friendly and never had a problem walking in and getting a table	service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
i have never had anything like it	I have never had anything like it!
6 and there is much tasty food all of it fresh and continually refilled	$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
this is the best secret place in midtown i heard that from the bartender after having brilliant food try steak with portobello mushrooms and drinks on the bar last tuesday	this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
oh yes and they lie on the phone claiming they have seating in the garden then of course the seats are not available	Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
the sides were ok and incredibly salty	The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
the wine list is extensive and impressive	The wine list is extensive and impressive.
satisfying	Satisfying.
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others	I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn	Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.
we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results	We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.
but the pizza is way to expensive	But the pizza is way to expensive.
this is the cheers of new york whether you ve ever been there or not	This is the Cheers of New York, whether you've ever been there or not.
also they were 15 each	Also they were $15 each!
have been several times and it never dissapoints	Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
i agree	I agree.
i m surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here i ve been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning	i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it s one of my favorite dishes	Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
i pray it stays open forever	I pray it stays open forever.
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great the food and service could have been a lot better	While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
for being number 1 this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation	For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.
i went here in the afternoon with a friend	I went here in the afternoon with a friend.
for outoftowners who will get a big thrill out of the location	for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
none of that yucky whipped stuff	None of that yucky whipped stuff.
you guys are awesome	You guys are awesome!
ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in	Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
everyone i bring here always loves it	Everyone I bring here always loves it.
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh	We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
we had great desserts including the best cannoli i ve ever had and then they offered an after dinner drink on the house	We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them	Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
this place is worth going even if only for their beer	This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
so i thought why not change it up a bit	so i thought why not change it up a bit.
they re are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing queens	They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
we recently decided to try this location and to our delight they have outdoor seating perfect since i had my yorkie with me	We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
for meetball night	for Meetball Night.
raga s is a romantic cozy restaurant	Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery a wasteland we like to call the sliv	This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.
when you enter you feel like you have entered your mom s kitchen	When you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.
we got a little tipsy from the sake but is nt that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about	We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary	So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
i m just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud	I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city	Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
the cuisine from what i ve gathered is authentic taiwanese though its very different from what i ve been accustomed to in taipei	The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
even after getting pushed out by the noclass famous ray s sal has risen again to carry on his father s uncle s legacies with a smile true love for his community and let s not forget the outstanding pizza	Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful	And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy	The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
it was raining and we figured why not	It was raining, and we figured why not?
it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone	It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.
off the beaten path this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street indian restaurants	Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place	Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.
we all ate pasta entrees which were great	We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world	And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
okay so i never write but there does nt seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning green bo and it s time to speak up i live in chinatown	Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.
ambience is so cute and quaint good for business although we were there on vacation	Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
i will not be coming here at 3am again	I will not be coming here at 3am again.
meat dishes now adorn the selections although there s still a large number of vegetarianfriendly choices	Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food but my friend who took me there is	I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
after dinner take your date to the huge dance floor probably one of the biggest you ll see in ny	After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
this food is asianair fusion	This food is asian-air fusion.
a must try	A must try!
definitely a neighborhood favorite	Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
the steak is good the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great	The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers	Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.
if this happens just ask for real naan	if this happens, just ask for real naan.
it was a very nice surprise	It was a very nice surprise.
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher 2 for 1 s	The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
keep up the good work guys	Keep up the good work guys!
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great	Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
i just read mocaramel s review and felt compelled to respond	I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid	Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down it was a pleasurable experience	The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
bagels are ok but be sure not to make any special requests	Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
unfortunately the food is outstanding but everything else about this restaurant is the pits	Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
the price is reasonable although the service is poor	The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
i ve lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place except in a really bad dream	I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent	The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you	Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
although the tables may be closely situated the candlelight foodquality and service overcompensate	Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
great romantic place for a date try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close	Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
i would highly recommend	I would highly recommend.
i had the mango chicken and i ca nt go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful	I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
even my indian friend could nt believe how good and tasty everything was	Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce	you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
but overall i give it a 10	but overall i give it a 10
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it	This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
i have been to roth s twice and both times were very disappointing	I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
david daytona beach fl	David, Daytona Beach, FL
while i m not sure that this happens all the timethis is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business	While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines	The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
now at the top of our list del frisco s steakhouse	Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque	My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
i went to pams with my girlfriend and i love it	I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
however for what we spent overall it just was not up to par	However, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.
oh and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough yummy	Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch	Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood	This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
i choose to go with one of the special the braised lamb shank in red wine which was excellent	I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
the pizza is delicious they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap frozen shredded cheese common to most pizzaria s	The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
i m glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny	I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
as for the bar this is another bad idea	As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
the service is friendly if not the most prompt in the world the food is great and the prices while not cheap wo nt put your wallet out of commission	The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
the eggplant parmesan is also great and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce	The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
the new york times has reviewed this place three times already you know it s going to be good	The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda	we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds	The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.
the food was spicy and delicious	The food was spicy and delicious.
this place was not all that	This place was not ALL THAT!
ballato s is consistently delicious authentic italian food	Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
great wine list italian good food service was initially fine	great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
the menu changed portions were even smaller than before a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility a basmati rice dish lacked flavor	The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth	Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
great find	Great find!!!
the frankenstein show was the best	THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested	I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
i recommend the thai popcorn	i recommend the thai popcorn :)
any if you have a reservation you ll wait for max 5 minutes so have a drink at the bar	Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
unfortunately the food was not something to get worked up about	Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion	I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
the wait here is long for dim sum but if you do nt like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig this is a sleek for chinatown alternative	The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
my boyfriend and i were in ny for a few days and pastis was a place that came recommended	My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended.
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly	My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out	On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied	We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests	One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
best italian food i ever had and being italian that means alot	Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapenolime olive oil the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish s sweetness	Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
essabagel either by stytown or midtown is by far the best bagel in ny	Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
we were less than impressed	We were less than impressed.
hats off to the chef	Hats off to the chef.
please be aware that it s cash or amex only	Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
for some reason all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon	For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
you could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other french bistros	You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.
the crust is thin the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly	The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
the bruschetta and panini s are so yummy	The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations	The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli i knew there was going to be good pizza	When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
for great chinese food nearby you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away	For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
this place is so much fun	This place is so much fun.
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants this offers by far one of the best values for your money	Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
but 1 for each small piece	But $1 for each small piece???
best taiwanese food in ny	Best Taiwanese food in NY!
what for	What for?
we ordered a tuna melt it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich	We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
i m saving up for my next visit	I'm saving up for my next visit.
highly recommended for a first date	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious fresh and elegant	Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
waitstaff is great very attentive	Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed	I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.
well this place is so ghetto its not even funny	Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
worth it for a special occasion or any time	Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate	The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
the food served in small tasting portions as an option is very good with each dish being better than the next	The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
the service however was a bright flower in a garden	The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
the other night we had the 30 three course meal and everything was delicious if i could of licked the plate clean i would of	The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
the burger was great also	The burger was great, also.
my roommate and i love this place	My roommate and I LOVE this place.
that s why you have to pay more for that	That's why you have to pay more for that.
in fact while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu and i could nt help telling them that the food was horrible	In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you re with	Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
try the pad thai it s fabulous and their prices are so cheap	Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
still any quibbles about the bill were offset by the pouryourown measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house	Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
it is not worth for that bucks	It is not worth for that bucks.
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list	Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth	The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone	They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi on saffron risotto yum	I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
the counter service is bad	The counter service is bad.
and the food was fantastic	And the food was fantastic.
chance is a small cozy restaurant with a romantic feel to it the decor is great	Chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.
not impressed with the food	Not impressed with the food.
romantic if you want it to be brightly lit	Romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).
three strikes and this restaurant is out	Three strikes and this restaurant is out.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st taj mahal is also very comparable in food quality to the much overpraised and underdeserving baluchi s	head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
i live in the neightborhood and am a regular	I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
food is excellent	Food is excellent.
this place is always packed	This place is always packed.
i wish they had one near my office i would go everyday	I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.
went on a 3 day oyster binge with fish bringing up the closing and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended because it was so great	Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
one less manhattanite the better	One less manhattanite the better.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm	the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
not enough wines by the glass either	Not enough wines by the glass either.
they were dry and disgusting i did nt even finish my first piece	they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights	Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
toons has recently been redone so it s now a very attractive space	Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
the portions are huge so it might be good to order three things to split rather than one appetizer and entree per person for two people	The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
so eat fast and order a lot	So eat fast and order a lot.
we will go back every time we are in the city	We will go back every time we are in the City.
a million better places to go in the city	A million better places to go in the city.
zero ambiance to boot	Zero ambiance to boot.
avoid at all costs	Avoid at all costs.
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews	All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
and never strayed	and never strayed.
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning	We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.
food was average but tasty	Food was average but tasty.
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem	We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
it s true you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas	It's true, you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas.
a great addition to smith street finally a place that s not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots	A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri sevpuri and samosa chaats as well as other great indian appetizers	The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
it could have been handled better	It could have been handled better.
le pere pinard has a 15 pretheater menu that is outstanding	Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
but they ve done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oilbrushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual	But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
our teenage kids love it too	Our teenage kids love it, too.
fine dining restaurant quality	fine dining restaurant quality.
do nt waste money on decor	Don't waste money on decor.
after we got our sashimi order i could not believe how small the portions were	After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko	We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street	We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
will have to return to try the chocolate	Will have to return to try the chocolate!
i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaraunts	I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese	Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake both were delicious	We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere	I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
i d highly recommend it for a special occasion it provides and intimate setting and nice service	I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
this place which is only a few months old is perhaps queens biggest secret	This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
we did nt get drink refills and she did nt even offer us the option of dessert	We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
it is simply amazing	It is simply amazing.
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants he replied this is not mcdonald s every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude	When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner	After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
just moved to the neighborhood and we ve been trying all the west village sushi restaurants	Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
the beverages were excellent and the dessert was good	The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
kudos haru	Kudos Haru
when we notified him that he did nt mention the specials he did nt apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless	When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
fantastic	Fantastic!
even the wine by the glass was good	even the wine by the glass was good.
the wine list is excellent	The wine list is excellent.
i need at least three rolls to be full and that s at least 1400	I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy	Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.
if you wrote a bad review it s because you do nt understand what rao s is all about	If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent	The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
the food is awesome definitely try the striped bass	The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
the place was quiet and delightful	The place was quiet and delightful.
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing	The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless so was the seafood tagliatelle	The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud	In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing	Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries	I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines please check their wine list	If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken	I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
the best place to bring kids or any friends who want to do something different	THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
brava la pizza fresca	Brava La Pizza Fresca!
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken	I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
some of the finest latin women you ll see in your life hang out at jimmy s	Some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy's.
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area	Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
i knew upon visiting nyc that i wanted to try an orginal deli	I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli.
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito s home	Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
great bagels made the oldfashioned way	Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh	We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective	sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!
and you ca nt beat the prices	and you can't beat the prices.
the dim sum is ok but does nt taste that fresh and the little dishes do nt look steamy hot as they should also note lack of chinese here	The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
and i ve been to many nyc delis	And I've been to many NYC delis.
we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary	We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
the appetizing is excellent just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price if bought by the pound	The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
some baby pizzas get their wish	Some baby pizzas get their wish.
service was devine oysters where a sensual as they come and the price ca nt be beat	Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
this is such a lovely peaceful place to eat outside	This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
have frequented ino for several years and the food remains excellent	Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
the ambience was so fun and the prices were great on top of the fact that the food was really tasty	The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food	It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
we shared a bottle of sake an order of edamames and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi	We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
the staff makes you feel at home the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful	The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
do not try unless you re just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste	DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
the 300 bill was a bit steep but the experience was great	The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
we had the most wonderful waitress	We had the most wonderful waitress.
i went there with my friend last saturday	I went there with my friend last saturday.
the food was not fresh the sauces were bland and very oily	The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot	What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
if only they delivered they d make a mint	If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants	The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.
and you re hungry a few hours later	And you're hungry a few hours later.
similar to other indian restaurants they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door	Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer	(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
i would highly recommend nina s to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures	I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
and the bill was outragous	And the bill was outragous.
other apetizers and food	Other apetizers and food
the food was actually aweful	The food was actually aweful.
with so many good restaurants on the uws i do nt need overpriced food absurdly arrogant waitstaff who do nt recognize they work at a glorified diner clumsy service and management that does nt care	With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll	Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri	I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible reaching for sunglasses	The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
fabulous service fantastic food and a chilled out atmosphere and environment	Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food	They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice	The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere	The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
the pesto pizza was excellent thincrust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i d never heard of before	The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
you wo nt find that anywhere in manhattan	You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.
it s great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend	It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
from the incredible food to the warm atmosphere to the friendly service this downtown neighborhood spot does nt miss a beat	From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
moral stay away	moral stay away.
in fact while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu and i could nt help telling them that the food was horrible	In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
try the sea bass	Try the sea bass.
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale	The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
if the weather is nice try to snag an outside table	If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm	the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
we got most of it back at home with us	We got most of it back at home with us.
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sadlooking marine life in their murky waters the tanks at ping s are clear as glass with healthylooking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover s brunch	Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
otherwise this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere	Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
i ve never been treated so rudely	I've never been treated so rudely.
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty	We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait shortly i might add	The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
something about them being busy with holiday party s	Something about them being busy with holiday party's.
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price	Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
i ve been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i ve never been disappointed	I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.
try the pad thai it s fabulous and their prices are so cheap	Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
the food was exceptional	The food was exceptional.
it was divine melts in your mouth	It was divine melts in your mouth.
the service is friendly if not the most prompt in the world the food is great and the prices while not cheap wo nt put your wallet out of commission	The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
sauce was watery and the food did nt have much flavor	Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
the bread is the soft paratha bread unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful	The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
conveniently located too being right on bedford ave	Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
slightly above average wines start at 70 with only one selection listed at 30	Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites but everything was delicious	Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
the food was great and the service was even better	The food was great and the service was even better.
largest and freshest pieces of sushi and delicious	Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
the lox is always fresh too	The lox is always fresh too.
we go often	We go often.
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly she knows what my regular is and that s the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd	The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue	We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
it is very overpriced and not very tasty	It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
i was wrong	I was wrong.
no food snobs allowed this place is for people who appreciate good food	No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
eat club is a roving group of nyc gluttons	--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service which was boarderline rude	Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service	I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz of maine lobster in it	I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
the service is excellent the decor is great and the food is delicious and comes in large portions	The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
you ll adore it	You'll adore it.
the entree was bland and small dessert was not inspired	The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here	The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker we were seated at a table with one of the best view	Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
that said i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i ve ever had	That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.
i try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited	I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.
we did have to wait at the bar for approx	We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
came looking for this place because i heard good things	Came looking for this place because I heard good things.
the main course had an average portion and was decent overall	The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
after a seafood craving i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info	After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
go go hurry before everyone finds out about it	Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
priced at upper intermediate range	Priced at upper intermediate range.
last memorial day i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend interesting but	Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
i m not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much	I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
he offers subpar service and has no personality	He offers subpar service and has no personality.
there is a downside if you re ordering in the delivery guys have major attitude	There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
no more reservations expensive tips and annoying stuff	NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
the sushi has been from average to below average the wait service has always been subpar the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen the acousitcs are horrid everything echoes is extremely loud	The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
a cool bar with great food and tons of excellent beer	A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
great vibe lots of people	Great vibe, lots of people.
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails the chill decor and the decent sushi	My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
overall not worth the money	Overall, not worth the money.
i will go back to suan soon	I will go back to Suan soon!
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend	I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from but we had been there less than an hour and they had nt even brought us a check yet	Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night	I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try	I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
emilio the owner is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go	Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter	The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
it looked like shredded cheese partly done still in strips	It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
but this place is a welloiled machine so they know what they re doing	But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
there s something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style	There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
good music great food speedy service affordable prices	good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
however they ve got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot	However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants he replied this is not mcdonald s every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude	When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
i would go back tho	I would go back tho.
although the tables may be closely situated the candlelight foodquality and service overcompensate	Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
went to village last night for my birthday	Went to Village last night for my birthday.
try the pad seew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience	Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so do nt be a greedy pig	The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!
try the lasagnette appetizer	Try the lasagnette appetizer.
it s all about the food	It's all about the food !!
if you go here your focus should be the tamarind margaritas	If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
to be completely fair the only redeeming factor was the food which was above average but could nt make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora	To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
this place has good potential but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else	This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
the food is very good for it s price better than most fried dumplings i ve had	The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
the food now is inconsistent	The food now is inconsistent.
if you go for the pretheatre menu it s an even greater deal	If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
everything from the soft bread soggy salad and 50 minute wait time with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food	Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for 300 in nyc	Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
i do nt like indian food too much and this was delicious however you want to factor that into the equation	I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan and the dals	Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
the pizza is good though	The pizza is good though.
despite the fact that the space is large they ve overcrowded the floor with tables	Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine and have been going back regularly ever since	I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers	Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
while the place is not a hotspot hangout the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck	While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order	I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over how refreshing	The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
went inside and i started to get excited	Went inside and I started to get excited.
for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato with espresso which were tasty but i thought a bit overpriced	- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.
when i m feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office i head for cafe st bart s	When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
i plan on stopping by next week as well	I plan on stopping by next week as well.
the service was bad the food took to forever to come we sat on the upper level	The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
appetizers are somewhere around 7 each and the main dishes are between 11 and 16	Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
make sure you try this place as often as you can	Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
in addition the food is very good and the prices are reasonable	In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
i went at 600 pm specifically for the pretheater menu 1995 for roasted tomato soup with chevre steak frites creme brulee and it was marvelous	I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
hey i think 2 for a 5 block walk ai nt bad	Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
if it is nt for the food a it must be the service or the ambience	If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
the pad thai is excellent here as well	The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.
the staff was very attentive the ambience lovely and the food superb	The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
i would just ask for no oil next time	i would just ask for no oil next time.
the most annoying thing though is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue	The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato	The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
we only ordered desserts and drinks but no refills were offered	We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
be careful of portions they re huge	Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
we were very disappointed	We were very disappointed.
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family	i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace	First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but the food was slightly disappointing	An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip	And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.
the place is a bistro which means simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere	The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
the food came out wrong the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal	The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced	This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
my husband and i enjoy sangria	My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table	I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
this is the pinnacle of indian fast food all fast foods in my opinion	This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews i felt there was more than enough food	We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices	this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
too cold to enjoy	Too cold to enjoy.
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place but also become hostile	They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10	The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
we spent 50 definetly will come back with my friends	we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
the eggplant parmesan is also great and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce	The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods indian included i made friends with this place long ago	being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar	I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal	Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city	The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
not a great place for family or general dining	Not a great place for family or general dining.
i do nt get it either	I don't get it either.
it can be a very fun experience with a group and kids 6 and over would love it	It can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal	My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
we were fans of the halfprice saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit	We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
try the cheesecake	Try the cheesecake!
everything that happened was not even up to mediocre	Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food	The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
i ve been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants	I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.
do nt judge this place prima facie you have to try it to believe it a home away from home for the literate heart	Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
for many people this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic	For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
not worth it	Not worth it.
it is terrific as is the value	It is terrific, as is the value.
also because it is so thin it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling	Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening	Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again	I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience	We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
great spot whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner	Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times	There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do nt want to drop a ton of cash	Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant	Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
food was okay nothing great	Food was okay, nothing great.
i m still mad that i had to pay for lousy food	I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
unfortunately the food is outstanding but everything else about this restaurant is the pits	Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
everything at sala thai is tasty and wellportioned	Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.
delicious food excellent service and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the 599 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch	Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
good crowd good outdoor seating with a hip japanese vibe	Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
our waiter was fine the place looks nice in that nottryingtoohard way but at those prices a little more should be expected of your food	Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
again if you are in this neighborhood by all means come here	Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.
service here was great food was fantastic	Service here was great, food was fantastic.
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer	I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded but the service is excellent and it s great for friends out a romantic date or a special occassion	The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off like in this case	Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
we ran a little late for the reservation but it was nt a problem to get our table immediately	We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
i thought i had died and gone to heaven	I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
it s a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early	It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary	My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past	The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon which is just down the street on st marks and 1st ave	Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
nice value	Nice value.
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is 1	There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
aside from the bearded courdoroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he s sleeping with that week you see a strange mix of hipsters frat boys will smith types who need to be told they are black bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet	Aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, Will Smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....
wine list selection is good and winebytheglass was generously filled to the top	Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like bar or pub	But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
the food was very expensive we spent 160 for lunch for two but extremely tasty	The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
the ceiling is amazing	The ceiling is amazing!
cute and decorative	Cute and decorative.
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged	I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
go inside and you wo nt want to leave	Go inside and you won't want to leave.
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty	The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
the food is fresh delicious and reasonably priced	The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
and it was quick which is very important	And it was quick which is very important.
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet where greasy dry and tasteless are complimentary	Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
highly highly highly recommended	Highly Highly Highly recommended!
i wish they would change back to what it was before	I wish they would change back to what it was before.
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze they told me that if i call in the order they d bring it out to the car so i would nt have to look for parking	We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
and all of that wo nt break your bank	And all of that won't break your bank!
we did notice however that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan	we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
i ve eaten at many different indian restaurants	I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
i ve been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste	I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
i do nt think i would go again	I don't think I would go again.
however it s the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth	however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
great food good size menu great service and an unpretensious setting	Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
but too far east	But too far east!
i can not recommend og more highly if i tried check it out for yourself	I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.
the blond wood decor is very soothing the premium sake is excellent and the service is great	The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll	I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer	After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.
everything is delicious though my gf and i come here once a week sometimes you will get addicted	Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc	At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC.
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it s in the west village	The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
try the times square cocktail ginger lemonade with vodka also available without vodka	Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful if not relaxed atmosphere	Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
very romantic fires i ve literally spent hours at lanterna drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience	Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
the food here is rather good but only if you like to wait for it	The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
the dim sum was soso but not spectacular	The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary	my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
the price is reasonable although the service is poor	The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
kudos to po	Kudos to Po!
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it	I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it!
my friends spoke so much about it for months i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in	My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
we try frequenting new restaurants all over the city but any time that we visit a restaurant other than roth s we are always disappointed	We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than Roth's we are always disappointed.
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible	The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
i would go again if i did nt have to pay	i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet	Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
taj mahal offeres gret value and great food	Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
i d highly recommend it for a special occasion it provides and intimate setting and nice service	I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
we actually gave 10 tip which we have never done despite mediocre food and service because we felt totally ripped off	We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
it wo nt break the bank but i also wouldnt come back for the food	It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
the staff was accomodating the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely	The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
quick and friendly service	Quick and friendly service.
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc	The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
the fried rice is amazing here	The fried rice is amazing here.
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great the food and service could have been a lot better	While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
over the years it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine	Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together	This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.
terrible experience	Terrible experience.
we spent 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed	We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
i ve had the chicken with garlic sauce chicken with black bean sauce and hunan chicken	I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
ask for usha the nicest bartender in manhattan	Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting	Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water	And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
we parked on the block of nina s the place looked nice with people obviously enjoying their pizzas	We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
waiters tend to forget drinks completely food portions are so tiny two people have trouble sharing one entree	Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
looking around i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen	Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
ruby foo s is a tourist trap	Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection	I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
but the service was a bit slow	but the service was a bit slow.
you do nt go to mizu for excellent service you go for the large amounts of food the amiable atmosphere and the holeinthewall feeling of the place	You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
we had pam s special fried fish and it was amazing	We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
everyone was more then happy with his choices	Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
what more can you ask for	What more can you ask for?
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable makes students go back to suan again and again	Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer	It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
orsay is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food and french service as well	Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
everything looks great the drinks the decor the food even the people	Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
both are very reasonably priced around 8 for dinner and 5 for lunch and are delicious and filling	both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
interesting selection good wines service fine fun decor	Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
bottom line b for the food f for the service	Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in quite a weird selection	also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
if you are in a big group this place is perfect because it recomends sharing they have lazy susans on most tables even families can feel comfortable here	If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
excellent atmosphere delicious dishes good and friendly service	Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
believe us we ve been eating sushi for over 15 yrs	believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it	From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
disappointing food lousy service	Disappointing food, lousy service.
service is extraordinary yet not overbearing and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens	Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room	With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
fresh authentic french cuisine in substantial portions	Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
from the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just fantastic	From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.
restaurant was dirty and unkempt	Restaurant was dirty and unkempt.
the signs the specials menus food and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese	The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
all in all this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city	All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
for an untrendy ripoff eat here	For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising	This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive	I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
took my mom for mother s day and the maitre d was pretty rude	Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
the food is usually good but it certainly is nt a relaxing place to go	The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil	I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got	I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
my sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by highschool students who do nt know what they are doing	My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
plus when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over	Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
the service was poor restaurant poorly lit staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald s than this joint	The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
ca nt wait to go back	Can't wait to go back.
little tonino s is just awesome our favorite delivery place in kennsington honestly the best gnochi i have ever had	Little Tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in Kennsington, honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had!
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there	The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
this place is to be avoided	This place is to be avoided.
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money	I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
i have never eaten in the restaurant however upon reading the reviews i got take out last week	I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
for asian fusion there are many places further downtown	For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably	Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
the ambience was nice but service was nt so great	The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
pizza was a little soggy	Pizza was a little soggy.
the noise level was unbearable conversation impossible	The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location	This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
i ve been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst	I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
meanwhile the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil gratis	Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
there is nothing more pleasant than that	There is nothing more pleasant than that.
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another	They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
the food is amazing	The food is amazing!!!!
having discovered ping s on the internet we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in	Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
the main downside to the place is the nazilike guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level	The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
the yellowtail was particularly good as well	The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
this is a great place to take outoftowners and perfect for watching the sunset	This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine even with no idea how to use them	I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
we were worried we would have trouble getting in but somehow managed to have a short wait	We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
i am amazed by the poor reviews i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian great prices great atmosphere good service and a wonderful wine list	I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
the food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down	The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive considering we were the only ones there for the first hour	The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
the service wine selection ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition	The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
i would highly recommend it	I would highly recommend it.
a restaurant that does nt try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere	A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
what a ripoff	What a ripoff!
but when you are seated the waitresses are great they explain everything on the menu and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get	But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
i got the 10 10piece dim sum combo every bite of which was great	I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
look foward to trying the ruben upon returning	Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.
after dining at bog over twenty times now its official	after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now, its official !
the pizza was great	The pizza was great.
i will be going back very soon	I will be going back very soon.
plus they made a perfect martini	Plus they made a perfect martini.
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband	I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
another great place to take outoftowners	Another great place to take out-of-towners!
their sake list was extensive but we were looking for purple haze which was nt listed but made for us upon request	Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
i am a 100 lb girl had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner and i was still hungry after my visit to this place	I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices	INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch	Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
their eggplant is so delicate sweet tender	Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
however it just so happens that there s an even more amazing place just down the street	However, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.
when going out for a nice dinner i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food	When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money	This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
waitstaff are very friendly	Waitstaff are very friendly.
the staff is nt the friendliest or most competent and i am stickler for service but everything else about this place makes up for it	The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed reminds me of my grandfather its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire	We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
the seafood is amazing there s a good wine list and the everchanging menu always offers some great surprises	The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters you come for the authentic foods the tastes the experiance	I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
great food great lay out and awesome service	Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible	These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
6 and there is much tasty food all of it fresh and continually refilled	$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent	They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
i m amazed we have nt been kicked out of this place yet	I'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.
a little crowded but they move that line really fast	A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
spice is great thai food love the inexpensive appetizers	Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
this place is the most japanese it can ever get	This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back	The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious	The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
the ambience is very calm and quiet	The ambience is very calm and quiet.
the food was well prepared and the service impecable	The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
the crust is thin the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly	The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
me and my girls will definitely go back	Me and my girls will definitely go back.
food and service was okay	Food and service was okay.
when my husband and go there we spend 6000 have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more i ca nt say any more it a place you ll never forget if you never go you ll miss a meal of your life time	When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
i really loved the different and inovated touch that s the cheff gives to the food	I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must	The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
word of advice save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you ve had the tiramisu	word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
while they keep the capex to a minimum they do put some cash into the bagels because they among the best in the city	While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
definitely highly not recommended	Definitely Highly NOT recommended.
the best chicken pad tai i ve ever had	The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon	We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food	I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
suan is a great place that i often take my friends classmates too	Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
they did nt disappoint service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table	they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
while we enjoyed the food we were highly disappointed by the poor service waiter was not quite competent and slow service and lack of remorse	While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
service was prompt and courteous	Service was prompt and courteous.
then get ripped on free box wine	Then, get ripped on free box wine.
overall a worthwhile experience	Overall a worthwhile experience.
saturday nov 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us	Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
i ve ordered from the 2nd ave	(I've ordered from the 2nd ave.
it s easy to get a table for a large group and you do nt get hustled out	It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
i love going there	I love going there!
it s a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks	It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent	This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
however i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once	However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation	we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
check it out it wo nt hurt your stomach or your wallet	Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one	Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall it s a bit intimidating at first but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you do nt hesitate to ask for help with what to get	Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
delicious	delicious.
the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal	The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished	Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
the portions are now very small the sauces are overlyambitious usually inedible while the service is still good the restaurant due to its popularity seems frantic	The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
very good service and very good prices	Very good service and very good prices.
the service was superb they treat you like family	The service was superb, they treat you like family.
hopefully next time i will save room for dessert	Hopefully next time, I will save room for dessert.
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth	The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing	The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order	Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabushabu	Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
but trust me it is so worth it	But trust me it is so worth it.
the staff has always been attentive and kind and i ve always been amazed at how they ve handled all the various different group sizes that come in	The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
needless to say i m never going back and you should be wary too	Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.
consequently their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they didnt feel like finishing them	Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you re into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz deli or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants	Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
all in all a wonderful experience ca nt wait to come back	All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
the combination of fresh tomato sauce fresh mozz cheese basil and the dough they make with imported flour makes this is one of the better pizza s in ny	The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
i have eaten here a handful of times for no reason besides sheer convenience	i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
this place is amazingly bad	this place is amazingly bad.
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great	I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
everyone treats you like you were part of the family	Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
both are delicious the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand	Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
nothing special about this place	Nothing special about this place.
while most people can attest to spending over 50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing the drinks here are plentiful and unique	While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
great food at reasonable prices makes for an evening that ca nt be beat	Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
nice family owned traditional restaurant	Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
the sushi is also great	The sushi is also great!
i ve had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer	I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
i m told that it is open 24hrs which is good	I'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.
it appears to be the owner s first venture and it shows	It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
better than the bagel shop on the corner but not worth going out of your way for in my opinion	Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
salads were fantastic	Salads were fantastic.
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt	The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
in any event even though its a bit on the pricey side we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back	In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets with that certain parisian flair	This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store	Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale	The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
i thought this place was totally overrated	I thought this place was totally overrated.
if you live in new york city you ll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount	If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
you must try the shrimp appetizers	You must try the shrimp appetizers.
horrible	Horrible.
several of the dim sum orders had about 68 pieces	Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.
great indian food and the service is incredible	Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
fish is so very fresh	Fish is so very fresh.
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip	This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.
it s a really great deal considering we got full off of four dollars	It's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.
the food is nothing like its menu description	The food is nothing like its menu description.
but the staff was so horrible to us	But the staff was so horrible to us.
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up	VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
two people in our party felt like something else and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu	Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
upon entering we were greeted by the owners steven and frederick who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts	Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
try the chocolate mud cake warmed with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato	Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.
i m not picky but it was actually gross	I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
really though where s the seasoning	Really though, where's the seasoning?
i had a great experience	I had a great experience.
the bread is top notch as well 	The bread is top notch as well.
i have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city 	I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
food is always fresh and hot ready to eat 	Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
did i mention that the coffee is outstanding 	Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING?
certainly not the best sushi in new york  however  it is always fresh  and the place is very clean  sterile 	Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.
i trust the people at go sushi  it never disappoints 	I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
straightforward  no surprises  very decent japanese food 	Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
best spicy tuna roll  great asian salad 	BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
try the rose roll  not on menu  	Try the rose roll (not on menu).
i love the drinks  esp lychee martini  and the food is also very good 	I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
in fact  this was not a nicoise salad and was barely eatable 	In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
while there s a decent menu  it should nt take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza 	While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
once we sailed  the topnotch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening 	Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
our waiter was horrible  so rude and disinterested 	Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
the sangria s  watered down 	The sangria's - watered down.
menu  uneventful  small 	menu - uneventful, small.
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price 	Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
great food but the service was dreadful 	Great food but the service was dreadful!
the portions of the food that came out were mediocre 	The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
the two waitress s looked like they had been sucking on lemons 	the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
from the beginning  we were met by friendly staff memebers  and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat 	From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts  	We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
desserts are almost incredible  my personal favorite is their tart of the day 	Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
i am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places i have tried with higher ratings 	I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.
maybe the secret was that we went on a sunday night and everything was great 	Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
the food was extremely tasty  creatively presented and the wine excellent 	The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
we ended up in little italy in late afternoon 	WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
we were pleasantly surprised with our choice 	WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.
the lasagna was probably the best i have tasted 	THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED.
harumi sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in nyc 	Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine  but also for its friendly owners and staff 	I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
if you re craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance  this is quite and exquisite choice 	If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
i definitely enjoyed the food as well 	I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
have always had a great time here 	have always had a great time here.
it was pleasantly uncrowded  the service was delightful  the garden adorable  the food  from appetizers to entrees  was delectable 	It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
you will be very happy with the experience 	You will be very happy with the experience.
the food is surprisingly good  and the decor is nice 	The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
how pretentious and inappropriate for mj grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners 	How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
two wasted steaks  what a crime 	Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
the staff should be a bit more friendly 	The staff should be a bit more friendly.
i absolutely suggest this place 	I absolutely suggest this place.
i think the meatball parm is good 	I think the meatball parm is good.
if you want good tasting  well seasoned latin food eat at cabana and you ca nt go wrong 	If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
definitely try the taglierini with truffles  it was incredible 	Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.
also  the staff is very attentive and really personable 	Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
overall  this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time i have been 	Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.
the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth 	The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
had a great experience at trio  staff was pleasant  food was tasty and large in portion size  i would highly recommend the portobellogorgonzolasausage appetizer and the lobster risotto 	Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
entrees include classics like lasagna  fettuccine alfredo and chicken parmigiana 	Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
the food is good  the teriyaki i recommend 	The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
meal was very expensive for what you get 	Meal was very expensive for what you get.
try the peanut butter sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese 	Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
good food at the right price  what more can you ask for 	Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
we love it  and took buses and cabs to get there 	We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
if you  re in new york  you do not want to miss this place 	If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
the food is top notch  the service is attentive  and the atmosphere is great 	The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
i ve been coming here on and off for the past five years and i have to say that la lanterna has never  ever dissapointed me 	I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.
great food  great waitstaff  great atmosphere  and best of all great beer 	Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good  kimono shrimp special was excellent  and has a great atmosphere 	this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
my husband and i moved to nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here  peasant has been our favorite 	My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
the whole experience was satisfying 	The whole experience was satisfying.
however  it was worth the visit 	However, it was worth the visit.
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced 	The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
the food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used 	The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
this made it obvious that the food was nt cooked fresh  it was obviously made before hand and then reheated 	This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.
appetizer are excellent here  you can make a great  and inexpensive  meal out of them 	Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
the spicy mussels are a highlight 	The spicy mussels are a highlight.
also get the onion rings  best we ve ever had 	Also get the Onion Rings -- best we've ever had.
would not return for the amount we paid 	Would not return for the amount we paid.
however  being foodies  we were utterly disappointed with the food 	However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
huge portions  great and attentive service  and pretty good prices 	Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
i was highly disappointed by their service and food 	I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
i complained to the waiter and then to the manager  but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up 	I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
the food is great and the milkshakes are even better 	The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
stay away if you re claustrophobic	Stay away if you're claustrophobic
if you re in the hood  definitely stop in 	If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing 	the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
on the recommendation of a friend  i checked out arezzo with my wife 	On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
i m glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly  courteous and efficient 	I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
their duck here is also absolutely delicious 	Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
this is definitely one of the places that i have continued to come back to over the years 	This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
while it was large and a bit noisy  the drinks were fantastic  and the food was superb 	While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
one caveat  some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh 	One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
i was nt impressed and it was nt spicey    	I wasn't impressed and it wasn't SPICEY????
the food was almost always excellent 	The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
i was pleasently surprised at the taste 	I was pleasently surprised at the taste.
a nice space  as long as it does nt get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers 	A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
i never had an orange donut before so i gave it a shot 	I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot.
they really provide a relaxing  laidback atmosphere 	they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
this particular location certainly uses substandard meats 	This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
i stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway 	I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
the management was less than accomodating 	The Management was less than accomodating.
the ambience is also more laidback and relaxed 	The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade 	the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there	mojitos and the service are the best part in there
sandwiches  burgers and salads  like the lemondressed cobb  are classic successes 	Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful 	this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
the design is very intimate and romantic 	The design is very intimate and romantic.
the food was wonderful and imaginative 	The food was wonderful and imaginative.
the staff is very sharp and they look good too 	The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
the worst though was the taste 	The worst though was the taste.
they were dry  stale and pretty flavorless 	They were dry, stale and pretty flavorless.
the fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet 	The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
stay with the roasted chickens and you ll be fine 	Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
the atmosphere is warm  comfortable  artsy and sexy 	The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.
the food is great  big selection  reasonable prices  and the drinks are really good 	The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
the steak melted in my mouth 	The steak melted in my mouth.
most importantly  it is reasonably priced 	Most importantly, it is reasonably priced.
the selection of food is excellent  i m not used to having much choice at restaurants   and the atmosphere is great 	The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert  it was overpriced and fell short on taste 	Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
food was decent  but not great 	Food was decent, but not great.
i have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked 	I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
from the moment you walk in  you feel like you re in the perfect place 	From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about 	i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food 	it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
i find that most kosher restaurants are average to good  but this has been the best i ve eaten so far 	I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
the waiters always look angry and even ignore their hightipping regulars 	The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
the atmosphere is very nice  and a welcome escape from the rest of the si mall 	the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
yes  they re a bit more expensive then typical  but then again  so is their food 	Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
not terrible  but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 	Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
i can say that the wraps  burgers and salads were all fresh  tasty and the mango margareta at  9 was well worth the money 	I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
it was delicious and large 	It was delicious and large!
anywhere else  the prices would be 3x as high 	Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!
the service we experienced was friendly and good 	The service we experienced was friendly and good.
the folding chair i was seated at was uncomfortable 	The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
as we waited i watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were 	As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
an excellent choice in midtown 	An excellent choice in midtown.
service was among the best i have ever had in nyc 	Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
the fettucino alfredo was amazing 	The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
the food was very good and i was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options 	The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
i know real indian food and this was nt it 	I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
be sure to try the smoked trout  lamb chops  veal chops  rabbit  the potato gratin  on and on and on 	Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
even when the chef is not in the house  the food and service are right on target 	Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty 	Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
the waiters were very professional  courteous and attentive 	The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
my boyfriend and i went here last night and loved it 	My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
i highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp  it s insanely good 	I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
we been there and we really enjoy the food  was areally great food  and the service was really good 	We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
desserts include flan and sopaipillas 	Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
i was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy 	I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
the wait staff was loud and inconsiderate 	The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
however  the food and service and dramatically lacking 	However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
the sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone 	The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
the service is great  my soup always arrives nice and hot 	The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
it had been awhile and i forgot just how delicious crepes can be 	It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
montparnasse s desserts  especially the silken creme brulee and paperthin apple tart  are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip 	Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
my friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend 	My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
i had a delicious shrimp creole 	i had a delicious shrimp creole.
the chicken dinner was real good 	The chicken dinner was real good.
beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth 	Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
the decor is designed in a contemporary japanese style restaurant 	The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant.
but the food was delicious 	but the food was delicious.
try the ribs  sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice 	Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
the only drawback is that it s a little pricey 	The only drawback is that it's a little pricey.
everything about this place was wonderful 	Everything about this place was wonderful.
the avocado salad is a personal fave 	The avocado salad is a personal fave.
and  the honey bbq rib tips are yummy 	And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
the best chinese food uptown 	The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy 	Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
the staff is very friendly 	The staff is very friendly.
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world 	Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
great wine list and great cocktail menu 	Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
the crab cakes are delicious and the bbq rib was perfect 	The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
the food is wonderful  artfully done and simply delicious 	The food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.
tiny restaurant with very fast service 	Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
my husband and i have been there at least 6 times and we ve always been given the highest service and often free desserts 	My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
a beautiful atmosphere  perfect for drinks andor appetizers 	A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
curioni s pizza has been around since the 1920 s 	Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
they make the best pizza in new jersey 	They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
i recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year 	I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.
what a difference  the service was very comforting and the food was better than average  but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list 	What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
frankly  the chinese food here is something i can make better at home 	Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs 	There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
we started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate 	We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
not to be overlooked  the service is excellent 	Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had 	this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
the staff is unbelievably friendly  and i dream about their saag gosht  so good 	The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
i also recommend the garlic knots 	I also recommend the garlic knots.
best indian food i have ever eaten 	Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
you wo nt be dissapointed 	You won't be dissapointed.
this place has the best pizza 	This place has the best pizza.
culinaria is a welcome addition to the garment district far better than any restaurant in the area 	Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
the music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste 	The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.
the service is excellent and always informative without an air 	The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
the owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable 	The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
i ca nt stand this dungeon 	I can't stand this dungeon.
the sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied 	The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
the food was great  sushi was good  but the cooked food amazed us 	The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
their dinner specials are fantastic 	their dinner specials are fantastic.
delish and made to your liking 	Delish and made to your liking!
great food  great drinks  nice dining atmosphere 	Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
for the price you pay for the food here  you d expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants 	For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
food portion was small and below average 	Food portion was SMALL and below average.
do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all cost 	Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
since the first time i came here i ve been hooked 	since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
sit back in one of those comfortable chairs 	Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
people in the neighborhood seem to love it  too 	People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
in conclusion  this place sucks   	in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
my favs here are the tacos pastor and the tostada de tinga 	My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
nick stef s is one of the only places worthy of going in the area  so if you happen to be by madison square garden or herald s square check it out 	Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
have to tell you  not at all impressed 	Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laidback  all the while being trendy 	The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
for a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal  try the hot and sour soup 	For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
this bar has it all  great drinks  cool atmosphere  excellent service and delicious food 	This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
also  the chick peas with shrimp  appetizer  is divine 	Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
finally  i got sick of the bad service  obnoxious smirks  and snotty back talk 	Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
how have i never been to agave before 	How have I never been to Agave before?
we ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome 	We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries 	i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
if you re looking for authentic hong kongstyle food  look no further 	if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
my wife i lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the ues 	My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
good food good wine that s it 	good food good wine that's it.
a nice find in the neighborhood 	A nice find in the neighborhood.
the staff was extremely friendly and pleasant 	The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.
and as soon as one person is done  she asked to pick up the plate immediately 	And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
this place is italian  not french 	This place is Italian, not French.
after so many great reviews here  my bf and i went to esca to celebrate my birthday last nite 	After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.
while their kitchen food is delicious  their sushi is out of this world 	While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
there was a heat problem to boot  so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant  we had to request to uncheck our coats 	There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
everything is scrumptious  from the excellent service by cute waitresses  to the extremely lush atmosphere 	everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
it s traditional  simple italian food 	It's traditional, simple italian food.
my girlfriend and i just spent our 10 month anniversary at lou lou 	My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.
the food is allaround good  with the rolls usually excellent and the sushisashimi not quite on the same level 	The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
 the sashimi is cut a little thinly 	(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
bay terrace mall is nothing  ok  almost nothing  without it 	Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
could have had better for 13 the price in chinatown 	Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown.
my husband and i had a blast 	My husband and I had a blast.
personally i say save your money 	personally i say save your money.
in addition to great hot dogs  dotp has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature  in addition to great things like tator tots and english muffins  a delicious njbased pork product know to us jersey girls and boys as taylor ham 	In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
believe me  they live up to the name 	Believe me, they live up to the name.
well  it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks  and then tells us to chill out 	Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
not only is the service great  but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable 	Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
when the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis  definitely not edible by a human 	When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
the absolute worst service i ve ever experienced and the food was below average  when they actually gave people the meals they ordered  	The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
it s about  7 for lunch and they have takeout or dinein 	It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
they are by far the best past in new york 	They are by far the BEST past in New York.
i have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance 	I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
everything is very cheap 	Everything is very cheap.
be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions 	Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
the food is great and the prices are reasonable 	The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
the place is clean  and if you like soul food  then this is the place to be 	The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
you ll see a lot of people eating there after church 	You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.
i had roast chicken and a salad 	I had roast chicken and a salad.
i ve been a regular customer at juice generation for the last 3 months  my office moved to the film center on ninth avenue and they are on the next block 	I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.
they have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well 	They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
it s the kind of place i like to support 	It's the kind of place I like to support!
but the meals were terrible 	But the meals were terrible.
my chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful 	My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
malted milk ball gelato  have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful 	Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications 	just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.
way too much money for such a terrible meal 	Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
would not recommend anyone to go 	Would not recommend anyone to go.
however  the service is absolutely horrible 	However, the service is absolutely horrible.
a con was the slow bar service 	A con was the slow bar service.
dessert was also to die for 	Dessert was also to die for!
btw  the service is very good 	BTW, the service is very good .
we loved it and will go back 	We loved it and will go back!
i came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience 	I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
it s eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger 	It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag  the food was overpriced  there was the most awful disco pop duo performingand my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate 	The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
we ll definitly be back again 	We'll definitly be back again!
this is the best italian restaurant in the city 	This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends 	it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
the service is always great  and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy 	The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
because the waiters need severe attitue adjustments 	because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
there are numerous shavue restaurants in la  but few out here 	There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.
horrible experience  stay away 	Horrible experience - stay away!
if this restaurant was in manhattan  i would definitely go more often 	If this restaurant was in Manhattan, I would definitely go more often.
the food is delicious and highly recommended 	the food is delicious and highly recommended.
when it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time  walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted  excuse me but is nt that his job   	When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
one of my fav spots in the city 	One of my Fav spots in the city.
over priced  overrated  stay away 	Over priced, overrated....stay away!
do not go to this restaurant 	Do not go to this restaurant.
since i was in the neighborhood  we made sure to give this a try 	since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.
all i can say is they are fantastic 	All I can say is they are fantastic.
dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters 	Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
so for a filling and healthy meal give it a go 	So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.
i ca nt imagine how much worse it would have been if we d gone at a prime time 	I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
i have dined at mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter 	I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
definitely something to come down and check out 	Definitely something to come down and check out.
since i cook for a living  i m very fussy about the food i eat in restaurants 	Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
the service was outstanding 	The service was outstanding.
i went for restaurant week 	I went for restaurant week.
my friends and i stop here for pizza before hitting the kips bay movie theater 	My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
we always enjoy the pizza 	We always enjoy the pizza.
the service is pretty good 	The service is pretty good.
i went there with a few friends and will return 	I went there with a few friends and will return.
this place has been around for a few years 	This place has been around for a few years.
yum  the chicken is great here 	Yum, the chicken is great here.
i highly recommend this restaurant  	I highly recommend this restaurant!!
you will find everything about trio to your liking 	You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
this place was the worst 	This place was the worst.
i ordered from here last week 	I ordered from here last week.
this is a nice sushi restaurant in brooklyn that s located on 86 street  right underneath the train station 	This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.
the food here was great  a treat from beginning to end 	The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
the host  owner  and servers are personable and caring 	The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
i decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines 	I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.
it s just everything  the food  the atmosphere  the incrediby kind and gracious hostess 	It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
having moved i truly miss this place 	Having moved I truly miss this place.
the food is very good and the service is great 	The food is very good and the service is great.
i usually get one the vietnamese beef noodle soup 	I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
sum it  local investment bankers like it  try for yourself at least once 	SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
i started going to dosa hut more after that 	I started going to dosa hut more after that.
we were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable 	We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
this place has the best indian food in new york  hands down 	This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down.
the waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you 	The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service 	Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked 	The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
siam square is fairly new to the neighborhood and i think in time will gain the recognition it deserves 	Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.
my first experience at siam square was very pleasant 	My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
i have gone back to siam square many times since and everytime i am very satisfied overall 	I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.
the menu is great  with a good selection  and everything that i have tried is absolutely delicious 	The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
we had our christmas party at dos caminos and it was wonderful 	We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.
my personal favorite is nick and joe s 	My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.
the sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy 	The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
this place has the best sushi in the city 	This place has the best sushi in the city.
they have an excellent selection  the rolls with crab are really great  	They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
everyone who works there  the host  the bartender  the servers  is so helpful 	Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
and the food is fantastic 	And the food is fantastic.
favourites include  potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb 	Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
another great thing about glechikeverything is very cheap 	Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap!
unfortunately  we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the south st seaport 	Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.
but regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here 	But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
the skillfully chosen portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect iberian ending 	The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
my friend had a burger and i had these wonderful blueberry pancakes 	My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill 	We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
i would definitely come back to this restaurant 	I would definitely come back to this restaurant.
the place just is nt ready for prime time 	The place just isn't ready for prime time.
all toppings are so fresh you d think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect  that one actually thinks of how it was made 	All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
quartino is my favoriate resturant in nyc 	Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
we ve always gotten amazing service and we love the food 	We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us  and the food is wonderful  if not stunningly creative 	The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
i m in love with the lobster ravioli 	I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
my order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes  at the most  of hanging up the phone 	My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
we came across this restaurant by accident while at a dumbo art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal 	We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
service is excellent  no wait  and you get a lot for the price 	Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
i thought the food is nt cheap at all compared to chinatown 	I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
and you never get the feeling that you need to leave 	And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
we did nt know if we should order a drink or leave 	We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
great neighbhorhood spot 	great neighbhorhood spot.
bobb v s is a great place to take your friends and family 	Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!
 it s not the best japanese restaurant in the east village  but it s a pretty solid one for its modest prices  and worth repeat visits 	) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare 	The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
here s the thing  you re in the best city in the world for restaurants 	Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
go spend your money somewhere that really wows you 	Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.
this is a real gem of a place 	This is a real gem of a place.
i think this a a wonderful place 	I think this a a wonderful place.
first walking in the place seemed to have great ambience 	First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
i went to kitchenette this weekend for brunch 	I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.
this place does nt get the publicity that sylvias soul food restaurant does  but it should 	This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
just because p diddy had a party at butter does nt mean we should be automatically impressed 	Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.
even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home  it reheats really well also  	Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
like i said  nick and joe s may not be everyone s favorite  but it s mine 	Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.
the help was extremely nice and did not rush us 	The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust  around a raw and cold inside 	Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
it s just good food  nothing more and that s all we want 	It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
do nt know what the others on the block were like but we were pleased with our choice 	DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.
average cake thats been courted by a lot of hype 	Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
it s cute and simple and i loved it 	It's cute and simple and I loved it.
my wife and i recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience 	My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
the service is perfect too nothing wrong in this italianfrench restaurant	THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
my fiance and i recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise 	My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.
the  72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order 	The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
everytime i go there i ca nt pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat 	Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for  625 	Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.
the service is really fast and friendly  and the value is great 	The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
we were very impressed with the food and value 	We were very impressed with the food and value.
you must try the garlic soup 	You must try the garlic soup!
casablanca servces delicious falafel  tabouleh  humus and other mediterranean delights  which are all very inexpensive 	Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
the pizza s are made fresh  crispy  and ready to serve 	The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
there are many french bistros in the midtown area  and i wholheartedly recommend this one 	There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.
staff is accomodating make sure you are satified 	Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
chef waldy s always measures up 	Chef Waldy's always measures up.
this diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10minute walk from the 6 train 	This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
being a vegan myself  i ve made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in manhattan  and zen palate is easily my favorite 	Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
don pedro s is one of my favorite restaurants 	Don Pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.
reasonably priced with very fresh sushi 	Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
go for the seafood paella for two 	Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
all of the apetizers are good and the sangria is very good 	All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre italian restaurants 	Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
the one positive thing i can say is that the service was prompt  we got seated right away and the server was very friendly 	The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent 	The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective 	Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.
really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date 	Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
service is usually pretty good 	Service is usually pretty good.
host and hostess was quite rude 	Host and Hostess was quite rude.
you will not be missing anything 	You will not be missing anything.
i discovered applebees when i went away to college in va 	I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
the wait staff is very friendly  if your not rude or picky   our meal at leon last weekend was great  	the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
i recommend any of their salmon dishes  	I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
the foie gras was sweet and luscious 	The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
the menu  which changes seasonally  shows both regional and international influences 	The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
but their mac cheese was yummy 	but their mac cheese was YUMMY!
their brunch menu had something for everyone 	their brunch menu had something for everyone.
jazz singer had a nice voice  she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more 	jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
i often find myself with time to kill in times square  which is a shame since i do nt love this area 	I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.
they have very quick service which is great when you do nt have much time 	They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
the food is average  breakfast food  soups  salads  sandwiches  etc 	The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
i was highly disappointed by the food 	I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
the banana pudding they serve has never seen an oven  the crabcakes are way over salted and do nt get me started on the very greasy mac and cheese 	THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
the staff is arrogant  the prices are way high for brooklyn 	The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
this place is average  at best 	This place is average... at best.
the service is prompt friendly 	the service is prompt friendly.
whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be 	Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
this is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food 	This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
the downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill 	The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
the food was definitely good  but when all was said and done  i just could nt justify it for the price  including 2 drinks   100person  	The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
i ve come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend s birthday and i always enjoy myself 	I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
if you are a tequila fan you will not be disappointed 	If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
great beer selection too  something like 50 beers 	Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
after reading the great reviews  i invited a diehard downtown friend of mine to join me at taste 	After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary 	Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
feels like family when we go there 	Feels like family when we go there.
i found the food to be just as good as its owner  da silvano  just much less expensive 	I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
they have homemade pastas of all kinds  i recommend the gnocchi  yum 	They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
my vegetable risotto was burnt  and infused totally in a burnt flavor 	My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
what a pleasant surprise 	What a pleasant surprise!
the main draw of this place is the price 	The main draw of this place is the price.
how can hope to stay in business with service like this 	How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
but dinner here is never disappointing  even if the prices are a bit over the top 	But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
not only did they have amazing  sandwiches  soup  pizza etc  but their homemade sorbets are out of this world 	Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
the homemade guacamole  the unbelievable entree  and thee most amazing deserts 	the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh 	The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
it s nofuss  fast and delicious 	It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
save room for deserts  they re to die for 	Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
best things to order are from the grill  churrasco and ribs  	Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
the traditional italian items are great  cheap and served in a cozy setting 	The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy 	Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
last tuesday for a late lunch with a friend 	last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
it was delish and i did nt feel bad eating it 	It was delish and I didn't feel bad eating it.
another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese 	Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food  and there was no one to recommend any wine 	Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush  this is not the place for you 	The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
no doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town  spirit and bateaux will be our destination 	No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.
i would recommend jewel bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too 	i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.
the ambiance was pretty cool  but not worth the hassle 	The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
the unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad  including asking for salad dressing  and was instead given a quesedilla 	The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i ve ever been to  has a great variety of tasty  mouth watering pizza s 	El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
the service was pretty poor all around  the food was well below average relative to the cost  and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place 	The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit 	Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
i had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes	I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
chef vincenzo  always there if you need him  is a real talent and a real roman 	Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
if you re looking to taste some great indian food and want good service  definitely visit curry leaf 	If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew  salads all good  and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day  they make it the way my mom does  reminds me of home a lot  	You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
my daughter and i left feeling satisfied  not stuffed  and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch 	My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
i m almost tempted to give this place a bad review so i can keep the crowds away  been going there on and off for a year now and it s really my fave hang out in the city 	I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.
when she complained  the waitress said  sorry 	When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
the quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store 	The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
they specialize in smoothies and fresh juices 	They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.
it first came well done  and i politely sent it back 	It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
i recommend the black roasted codfish  it was the best dish of the evening 	I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
the manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else 	The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
in mi burrito  here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste 	In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
during busy hrs  i recommend that you make a reservation 	during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
do nt waste your time or your money 	Don't waste your time or your money.
it was a very warm experience 	it was a very warm experience.
i went to common stock for brunch and i was so impressed 	I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
now called nikki sushi  sushi is ok 	now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly 	The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it s not a cheap night out  but it s so worth it 	I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
from the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate  the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care 	From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe 	The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
expectations were real hi reading the 10 s  	expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
there s candlelight and music 	There's candlelight and music.
it s nice to find a place that is open 24 hours  especially in downtown brooklyn  	It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap 	Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
it was such a fantastic dining experience  that i returned again the same week 	It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
to be fair  the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy 	To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious 	The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
i ordered the chicken teriyaki and my husband got garlic shrimp 	I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
i ve had better japanese food at a mall food court 	I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
the staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when i dropped it outside 	The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
cool atmosphere but such a let down 	Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
they have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients 	They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint  food was wellprepared and presented and the service was pleasant and prompt 	Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
the icing made this cake  it was fluffy  not ultra sweet  creamy and light 	the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
finally let into the store 5 at a time  to buy expensive slices from a harried staff 	Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff  even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty 	We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
the wine list is extensive  well priced and covers alot of regions 	The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine 	Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
everything about this place is adorable  even the bathroom 	Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
speedy delivers  great food  decent prices  and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast 	Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
they have waiters on the sidewalk trying to pull you in which made us suspicious 	THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
it was our only opportunity to visit and wanted an authentic italian meal 	IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza  at least i do nt think they ever made it before this year   but it was worth the wait 	It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
i asked for a simple medium rare steak 	I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
generously garnished  organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish  but the jerusalem marketstyle falafel wraps and mediterranean salads  layered with beets  goat cheese and walnuts  are equally scrumptious 	Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
probably my worst dining experience in new york  and i m a former waiter so i know what i m talking about 	Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
result  red velvet   great texture  soft and velvety  nice hint of cocoa 	Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
ask for the round corner table next to the large window 	Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
their twist on pizza is heatlhy  but full of flavor 	Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies  although everyone is polite and no one is pushing  is a slight turn off 	The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews  but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people 	I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
did nt seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food 	Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
the food  though mostly deepfried  is simple and satisfying 	The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
we live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened 	We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards  but it is cozy and the food is simply great 	Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
the food was excellent  authentic italian cuisine made absolutely fresh 	The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
at night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered 	At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
the other times i ve gone it s romantic date heaven  you can walk in get a booth by the windows  be treated like a vip in a notcrowded place  with great food and service 	The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
i would only go for the coffee which is way better than starbucks or the like 	I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
i used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it 	I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
somewhat disappointing wine list  only new vintages 	Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a   this is the place to be  	If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
perfectly al dente pasta  not drowned in sauce  generous portions 	Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
i can understand the prices if it served better food  like some chinese restaurants in midtownuptown area 	I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
service was awful  mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night 	Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
to the owners  good job guys  this place is a keeper 	To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly 	and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
this little place is wonderfully warm welcoming 	This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
perfect for a quick meal 	perfect for a quick meal.
has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events 	Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.
the service was great  and they have a whole great deal for birthdays 	The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
the staff is 100  italian and the food is as authentic as it gets 	The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
my only complaint might be the fortune cookies  i ve never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before i visited kar 	My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
good for a quick sushi lunch 	Good for a quick sushi lunch.
have a mojito and sit in the back patio 	Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
the service was dreadfully slow  the place was only half full  and a smile would have been nice 	The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
i went this past saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes 	I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
the waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce while we were eating our lunch     	The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
so we sat at the bar  the bartender did nt seem like he wanted to be there 	So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
i reccomend the fried pork dumplings  the orange chickenbeef  and the fried rice 	I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
you will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu 	You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
the french fries  with the kalmata dip were terrific 	The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait  when they tell you it will be 2030 minutes  the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for 	Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
the boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing 	The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
they also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional mediterranean fare 	They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
fresh veggies  all sorts of middle eastern spreads  cheese and falafel  soup  fish  rice  root vegetables  a rice medley  some spinach thing  lamb kebabs  cheese baclava  soooo much fooood  and all of it delicious 	Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
in short the black sheep distinguishes itself from the midtown pub herd with a look that s a mix of sportsbar butch and ornate kitsch 	In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
i would definitely go back  if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard 	I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people 	then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
the happy hour is so cheap  but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere 	The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
after waiting for almost an hour  the waiter brusquely told us he d forgotten to give the kitchen our order 	After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere 	With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow  barely there space for its quick  tasty treats at dirtcheap prices 	A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
give it a try  menu is typical french but varied 	Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice 	It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
but for the value  it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group 	but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca nt compete with temple s entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food 	the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came 	We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
overall  this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent 	Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price 	Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
actually  everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed 	Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito  or tacos   margarita  and dessert 	for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
the space is traditional in feel 	The space is traditional in feel.
the restaurant was completely empty  but she gave me a dirty look and asked  no reservations 	the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
the food was mediocre to be kind  the interior is small and average  the owners are a tagteam of unpleasantries  so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining 	the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
good service  great food  good value  and never have to wait in line 	Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
offerings like hot cakes and the egg mcmuffin sandwich are available for breakfast 	Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
i have been going to this restaurant for years  in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant 	I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
the music was fascinating  but left room for conversation  and the bartender made superb drinks 	The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed  5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for  2 and you re set for the night 	rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
cuisine is billed as asian fusion  does nt meet the bill 	Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemaryorange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu 	Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
dishes denoted as  roy s classics   marked on the menu with asterisks  are triedandtrue recipes  such as macadamiacrusted mahi mahi  or subtly sweet honeymustard beef short ribs 	Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
the cold sesame noodles  which are a freebie when you order  10  are delectable 	The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
i came to fresh expecting a great meal  and all i got was marginally soso food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could nt enjoy eating 	I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at  895 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for  299lb at the store 	The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
best chinese on the upper east  prompt delivery  good value 	Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good 	Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess 	i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
it s worthwhile to take a cab to chelsea just for an awesome dinner at my chelsea 	It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
not only is the food authentic  but the staff here are practically offtheboat  they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine 	Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
it has good music  nice tapas  an interesting selection of wines  primarily spanish  and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele 	It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
the food is great  i love their dumplings  cold sesame noodles  chicken and shrimp dishs 	The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
and the food  well the food will keep you coming back 	And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well 	Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
it s the conversations that make this a fun place to be 	It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
my gf s duck confitte was very solid as well  although i have little base of reference 	My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
the wine list was superb  our tapas delightful  and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation 	The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
you can eat gourmet food at a fast food price 	You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
i ve eaten at all three locations and i always love  love the food  the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable 	I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
not because i was pregnant  but the food here is always delicious 	Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies 	Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing 	We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees  including fresh seafood and huge steaks  there s also a couple of nonmeat alternatives 	the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
this place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food 	This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
the appetizers are ok  but the service is slow 	The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
the food  not worth the price 	the food - not worth the price.
what can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree  then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back  which she did politely  by the way  	What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
the prices are not terrible 	The prices are not terrible.
15  gratuity automatically added to the bill 	15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack 	Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing 	Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
alltime favorites include the big mac  chicken mcnuggets  filetofish sandwich and mcdonald s famous french fries  lighter options like entreesized salads are also available 	All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
it s a basic pizza joint  not much to look at  but the pizza is what i go for 	It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
tables are close  so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons 	Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
was her monday for lunch  was working on a film in the area  and found this rare jewel 	Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
not too much so  but enough that there s a great scene 	Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
you feel like you made it to new york when you eat here 	You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
we d walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a monday night 	We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
sum it  do nt read the 10 s  reviews  try it to judge for yourself so you wo nt have as hi expectations  then you ll be sure to enjoy it 	SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
we went there  no one greeted us 	We went there, no one greeted us.
dug the blue bar area too 	Dug the blue bar area too.
we spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left 	We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
i got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago  i was in your upstrairs dining area 	I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
meatphobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger  made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas  carrots and other vegetables and spices 	Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
at peak times  the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close 	At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
the service was on point  what else you would expect from a ritz 	The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
menus feature seasonal picks  like sweet cornfoie gras brulee 	Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
innovations are just as assured  from the simple carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviartopped sturgeon  beautifully matched with a bright green spinachvodka sauce 	Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
and these are not small  wimpy fast food type burgers  these are real  full sized patties 	And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
there restaurant is very casual  but perfect for lunch  and their delivery service is always very fast 	There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices 	Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
i had to flag down a third staff person for a fork  so now it s goodbye little rude pie company 	I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
i have been in nyc for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the hudson 	I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
the pastas were pretty good 	The pastas were pretty good.
atmosphere is a bore 	Atmosphere is a bore.
the decor is what initially got me in the door 	The decor is what initially got me in the door.
the wait staff was very attentive and polite 	The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
great restaurant  and even greater food 	Great restaurant, and even greater food!
the dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place 	The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
save room for the desserts    	Save room for the desserts! ;-)
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food  as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable 	I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
service was good and so was the atmosphere 	Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
my date and i both ordered the branzini and both felt the fish was very average 	MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
we were there march 7 and found maison very nice 	We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
the food was good  the service prompt  and the price very reasonable 	The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.
wonderful menu  warm inviting ambiance  great service the food keeps me coming back 	Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
great food  good wine and an excellent host 	Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
went there last night with my coworker 	went there last night with my coworker.
pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses 	Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
definitely try the calamari  any pasta  or even the sliced steak entree 	Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
the caeser salad was great 	The caeser salad was great.
the fried calamari was even better 	The fried calamari was even better!
the food was good overall 	The food was good overall.
the food was outstanding and the service was tops 	The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic  	The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
i recomend the chicken milanese 	I recomend the chicken milanese.
excellent tapas at great prices  romantic  small but not overly crowed  excellent	excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
the chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly not too sweet  but full of flavor 	The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
our waiter was helpful and charming  the food was perfect  and the wine was good  too 	Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
alias is warm and cozy and you do nt get that squishedin feeling you get at 71 clinton 	Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.
i have never had a bad meal  or bad service   pigalle 	I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
best hot dogs in the tristate area 	Best hot dogs in the tri-state area.
this is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business 	This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
i would not recommend meet at all  it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in 	I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
went there for a special celebration 	Went there for a special celebration.
the restaurant was quiet and intimate 	The restaurant was quiet and intimate.
the service was very attentive and very generous 	The service was very attentive and very generous.
we had tons of great food  wine  and desserts 	We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
really lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area 	Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
ok  i ve been to dumont a few times now 	OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.
the food really is nt very good and the service is terrible 	The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
maybe it s that most of dumont s patrons are younger and have lower expectations  but i can not recommend dumont 	Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.
not only do they have the best escargot in town  they always try to accomodate our toddler 	Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
i ve been to sotto voce several time  and i have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time 	I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!
between my guest and i  we sampled at least 80  of the menu  and they were all hits 	Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
the deco and ambiance was really romantic 	The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
this is the best unknown restaurant in and around new york 	This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.
just go in and sample the greatest french food west of daniel 	Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
for someone who used to hate indian food  baluchi s has changed my mid 	For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
finally a curry that i can eat  enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later 	Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
all are great  poori  naan  paratha all fresh 	All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
try the homemade breads 	Try the homemade breads.
this place has beautiful sushi  and it s delicious cheap 	This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP.
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy 	It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
i went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu	I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
not only was the waiter efficient and courteous  but also extremely helpful 	Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful.
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite  i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again  	It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
this place is classy  chic  the service is warm and hospitable  and the food is outstanding 	This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
i read about this place in time out magazine 	I read about this place in Time Out magazine.
it s a great find in astoria 	It's a great find in Astoria.
great burgers  grilled cheeses and french fries 	Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
the yellowfin tuna and calf s liver are my favorites 	The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth 	Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
but make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet 	But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.
despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick i also love 	Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
they bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak  i tried them all  	They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
not only was the sushi fresh  they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy  try the duck 	Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
after i paid for my purchase  i noticed they had not given me utensils so i could eat my pie 	After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then nick and joe s may not be your favorite 	Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
it s always quiet because it s awful 	It's always quiet because it's awful.
no green beans  no egg  no anchovy dressing  no nicoise olives  no red onion 	No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
build a meal with side orders like amazin  greens salads  buffalo chicken kickers and cinna stix 	Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
thick fries  meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool  ultrathick chocolate frosty 	Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
i always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu 	I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
good cake but  it was not the best cake i ve ever had  and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees 	Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
the closest that i got was the cherry marscapone  but they were out of it that day 	The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone, but they were out of it that day.
the homage to india is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer  a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce  while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated  fresh take on sweetandsour 	The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
i have to say the place was awesome 	I have to say the place was awesome.
the ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin 	The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
we requested they reslice the sushi  and it was returned to us in small cheeselike cubes 	We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
the service  however  is a peg or two below the quality of food  horrible bartenders   and the clientele  for the most part  are rowdy  loudmouthed commuters  this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff  getting loaded for an acdc concert or a knicks game 	The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
if you re in the neighborhood  definitely stop by for a great meal 	If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
unfortunately  with our show tickets  we did nt have time to sample any desserts 	Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
the restaurant could use a little paint  but all in all a great sushi place 	The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
make more tables perhaps a rooftop bar 	Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo  actually the street is part of that adventure 	The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
although small  it has beautiful ambience  excellent food  the catfish is delicious  if ya do nt mind it a lil salty  and attentive service 	Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
i did nt go there for food so i ca nt comment 	I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
my friends and i go once a week  minimum  we live in the area  and everytime ca nt resist walking out ready to burst 	My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
stick to the items the place does best  brisket  ribs  wings  cajun shrimp is good  not great 	Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
hip boutiques and bars on ludlow add to the artsy  laidback atmosphere at this israelistyle takeout and eatin burger joint 	Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day  while chic  arthouse drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night 	Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
bring your date and a bottle of wine 	Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
not only is this the best thai restaurant i have been to  but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine 	Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
do nt be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review 	Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.
my chelsea s impressive and creative menu includes modern  westernized japanese dishes such as foie gras unagi napolean  jap style hamburger steak  spicy cod roe spaghetti  black cod with miso base  and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce  to name a few 	My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
his food is excellent  and not expensive by nyc standards no entrees over  30  most appetizers  12 to 14  	His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me 	The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
the pasta primavera was outstanding as well  lots of fresh veggies 	The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
do nt get me wrong  sushi was good  just not fantastic 	don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
being puerto rican i know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best  i hope mom does nt read this   	Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
been to the one in brooklyn for over 25 years  now i dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza  hanx	Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great 	Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
we recently spent new year s eve at the restaurant  and had a great experience  from the wine to the dessert menu 	We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
highly recommended  as stated  i have nt dined in the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place  also  the bar looks nice 	Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
the ambiance was fine  a little loud but still nice and romantic 	The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
but  the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers  nice nonsushi selection  	but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
it took about 2 12 hours to be served our 2 courses 	It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
who said go when the place is quiet during the day 	Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size 	Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
i was on jury duty  rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade 	I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine 	good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
very nice touch that very much fits the place 	Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
however  there is just something so great about being outdoors  in great landscaping  enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile 	However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
we were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor 	We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
if you are here as a preshow meal  hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location 	If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
a plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eyecandy while i was there 	A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.
it s best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book 	It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
slow service  but when you re hanging around with groups of 10 or 20  who really notices 	Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
the sauce is excellent  very fresh  with dabs of real mozzarella 	The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
do nt ever bother  the drinks were awful  but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining 	Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
the room is a little plain  but it s difficult to make such a small place exciting and i would not suggest that as a reason not to go 	The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
prices even outside of restaurant week were great 	Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
a small  outdoor eating area makes for a private  comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends 	A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
before the place did nt call my attention 	Before the place didn't call my attention.
and all the  female  servers are cute too  which is always nice 	And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
the best dessert  a chocolate and peanut butter tart  is nt particularly hawaiian  but it s a small world when it comes to sweets 	The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
for an appetizer  their calamari is a winner 	for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money 	Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
after dinner i heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs 	After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
but now that it s under new ownership and has been renovated  it looks great 	But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
the room is a gorgeous  bilevel space and the long bar perfect for a drink 	The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
now we moved out of the state and every visit to nyc includes a stop here 	Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.
two complaints their appetizer selection stinks  it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu 	Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
i do nt remember what we had  nothing was memorable 	I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.
it is bland and nothing extrodinary 	It is bland and nothing extrodinary.
i was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party 	I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
the chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad 	The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
every time i visit nyc  i come here 	Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
i ve been coming here regularly since it opened  about 2 years ago 	I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.
the atmosphere takes you to that place  the place many dream of 	The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.
several times and put up with the waiters  bad manners  knowing that their job is nt easy 	several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
the service is great  maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention   the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good 	The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
we were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we re all foodies who eat out a lot  that this was nt a place we d return to 	We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.
they are served on focacchia bread and are to die for 	They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
the new menu has a few creative items  they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites  but they raised the prices   the staff is friendly most of the time  but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words  no  ca nt  sorry   boy  they wo nt bend the rules for anyone 	The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
it  only open for lunch but the food is so good 	It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
if you like seafood andor greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things 	If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
 the menu includes pub fare  burgers  steaks and shepherds pie  and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as  vegetarians 	" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices  	How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow 	The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
i have eaten here on a different occasion  the food is mediocre for the prices 	i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
i m looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu 	I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
i just had my first visit to this place and ca nt wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu 	I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter 	I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
i stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk 	I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
sweet irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face 	Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
i always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat 	I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
its good to go there for drinks if you do nt want to get drunk because you ll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad 	Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
anyway  the owner was fake 	Anyway, the owner was fake.
owner is pleasant and entertaining 	Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
i have never in my life sent back food before  but i simply had to  and the waiter argued with me over this 	I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
although the restaurant itself is nice  i prefer not to go for the food 	Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
creamy appetizers  taramasalata  eggplant salad  and greek yogurt  with cuccumber  dill  and garlic  taste excellent when on warm pitas 	Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
